DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbUiaq.nsb

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpgid


Dfdni:bUiaq.ns
bbbbbbbOgbOgrna-HoeagbIlfcbLaiz,bDmoghnodijbSmazbDyibYixgi-Hacfg
bbbbbbbDiedbuxbNihhnfibYonn

O.dyam:bb

MiniohibJodi:b .nxb19,b2005b[IUaakb#16328]

Nogr.ori:bIgrnfhy


***bHDOMDbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbUIAQ.NSb***




Lmaj.cijbuxbJovfjbHdomgim,bJofgfhbZfnnimhbogjbdyibAgnfgi
Jfhdmfu.dijbLmaasmiojfgrbDiozbodbyddl://qqqplrjlpgid







UIAQ.NS
OGbOGRNA-HOEAGbILFCbLAIZ

_DMOGHNODIJbSMAZbDYIbYIXGI-HACFGbDIED_

UX

 GA:bNIHHNFIbYONN,bLypbJpb( pYp.p)

LmasihhambasbIgrnfhybogjbYfhdamxbfgbDyibCanniribasbQfnnfozbogjbZomx


JpCpbYIODYb&bCAp,bL.UNFHYIMH
UAHDAGbGIQbXAMKbCYFCORA


IgdimijboccamjfgrbdabOcdbasbCagrmihh,bfgbdyibxiomb1892,bux

 GA:bNIHHNFIbYONN,

fgbdyibAssfcibasbdyibNfumomfogbasbCagrmihh,bodbQohyfgrdagp


DA

ZxbQfsi

[v]




CAGDIGDHp


bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbLORI

bbbbbbLmisocibbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbvff

bbbbbbUfunfarmolyxbasbDmoghnodfaghbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbef

bbbbbbRnahhomxbasbLmalimbGozihbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbefff

bbbbbbNfhdbasbQamjhbogjbLymohihbgadbfgbRigimonb.hibbbbbbbbbbbbevfff

bbbbbbDyibNfsibogjbJiodybasbHcxnjb(Fp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb1

bbbbbbHcxnj'hbH.ccihhamh
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(FFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb3
bbbbbbYmadyrom'hbRmiodbZioj-Yonn

bbbbbbRmigjin,bdyibZ.mjimimb(FFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb5

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbRaihbdabYmadyrom'hbOhhfhdogcib(FVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb8

bbbbbbDyibRiodhbMiocybYiamadb(Vp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb10

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbFgdmaj.cihbYfzhinsbodbdyibLonocib(VFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbb12

bbbbbbYmadyrombogjbUiaq.nsb(VFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb14

bbbbbbYmadyrombogjbUiaq.nsb(cagdfg.ij)b(VFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb17

bbbbbb.gsimdybDo.gdhbUiaq.nsb(FEp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb19

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbHfnigcihb.gsimdy
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(Ep)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb21
bbbbbbRniibfhbYfry

bbbbbbOnnbHniilbhovibAgib(EFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb24

bbbbbbRmigjinbogjbUiaq.nsb(EFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb26

bbbbbbRmigjinbfhbVogw.fhyijb(EFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb28

bbbbbbMi afcfgrbasbdyibJogihb(EFVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb30

bbbbbbYmadyrom'hbRmodfd.jib(EVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb33

bbbbbbYmadyrombNovfhyihbRfsdhb.lagbyfhbJinfvimimb(EVFp)bbbbbbbbbb35

bbbbbbUogw.idb(cagdfg.ij)
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EVFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb37
bbbbbbDyibHcal'hbHagrbasbSfggbogjbYgæs

bbbbbbDyibSfggbIlfhajib(cagdfg.ij)
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EVFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb39
bbbbbbDyibUogw.idbCagdfg.ih

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbMicifvihbS.mdyimbYagamb(EFEp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb41

bbbbbbDyibZadyimbasbRmigjinb(EEp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb44

bbbbbbYmadyrom'hbOcca.gdbasbdyibZaghdimhb(EEFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb46

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbHiikhbRmigjin'hbZadyimb(EEFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb48

bbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbSfrydbqfdybRmigjin'hbZadyimb(EEFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbb51

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbfhbJa.uni-Cagw.imamb(EEFVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb53

[vf]bbUiaq.nsbUmfgrhbyfhbDmalyfih
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb57
bbbbbbYmadyrom'hbRmodfd.ji

bbbbbbYmadyrombZamonftih
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEVFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb60
bbbbbbMihdbosdimbNouam

bbbbbbHammaqbodbLomdfgrb(EEVFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb62

bbbbbbDyibYaziqomjb a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEVFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb64
bbbbbbDyibDqabW.iigh

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbogjbYfrinocb(EEFEp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb67

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbGommodihbyfhbOjvigd.mihbdabYfrinocb(EEEp)bbbbbbbbbb69

bbbbbbRfsd-RfvfgrbfhbZ.d.onb(EEEFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb73

bbbbbbDyibYaomjbogjbdyibJmoragb(EEEFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb75

bbbbbbUmovibDya.rybOrij
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb78
bbbbbbMizfgfhcigcih

bbbbbbUiaq.nsbHiikhbdyibJmorag
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEFVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb81
bbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbMizfgfhcigcih

bbbbbbMizfgfhcigcihb(cagdfg.ij)
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEVp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb83
bbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbNohdbUoddni

bbbbbbQfrnosbdyibDm.hdx
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEVFp)bbbbb88
bbbbbbUiaq.nsbfhbJihimdijbuxbSmfigjhbogjbuxbHqamj

bbbbbbDyibSodonbHdm.rrni
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEVFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb91
bbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbNohdbZazigdh

bbbbbbQfrnosbLn.gjimhbdyibJmorag'hbJig
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEVFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbb93
bbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbJiody

bbbbbbDyibJiojbSaih
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(EEEFEp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb95
bbbbbbQfrnos'hbUfddimbDo.gdh

bbbbbbDyibZihhigrimbasbJiodyb(ENp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb97

bbbbbbDyibZihhigrim'hbMidmahlicdb(ENFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb99

bbbbbbQfrnos'hbHojbHdamx
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb}b(ENFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb103
bbbbbbDyibYaomjbCommfijbAss

bbbbbbDyibU.mgfgrbasbUiaq.nsb(ENFFFp)bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb106

bbbbbbOjjigjobbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb109

[vff]




LMISOCIp


Dyiblmihigdbqamkbfhbobzajihdbissamdbdabmilmaj.cibollmaefzodinx,bfgbzajimg
zioh.mih,bdyibvigimounibilfc,bUiaq.nspb_Ollmaefzodinx_,bFbmiliod;bsambo
vimxbcnahibmilmaj.cdfagbasbOgrna-Hoeagbvimhibqa.nj,bdabobnomribiedigd,bui
lmahibdabobzajimgbiomp

DyibYixgi-HacfgbdiedbogjbrnahhomxbyovibuiigbcnahinxbsannaqijpbAccohfagonnx
objivfodfagbyohbuiigbzoji,bu.dbonqoxhbsambqyodbhiizijbraajbogjbh.ssfcfigd
miohagpbDyibdmoghnodambjaihbgadbofzbdabuibogbijfdampbAgcibfgbobqyfni,
yaqivim,byibyohbojjijbobcag icd.mibasbyfhbaqgbdabdyibizigjodfaghbw.adij
smazbdyibcmfdfcfhzhbasbadyimbhd.jigdhbasbdyiblaizp

DyfhbqamkbfhbojjmihhijbdabdqabcnohhihbasbmiojimhpbSmazbuadybasbdyihibonfki
dyibdmoghnodambuirhbhxzlodyxbogjbca-alimodfagpbDyibOgrna-Hoeagbhcyanombyi
yalihbdablniohibuxbojyimfgrbsofdys.nnxbdabdyibamfrfgonpbDyibhd.jigdbas
Igrnfhybnfdimod.mibyibofzhbdabfgdimihdbuxbrfvfgrbyfz,bfgbzajimgbromu,bdyi
zahdbogcfigdbilfcbasba.mbmocipbDyfhbfhbobuanjbogjbvigd.mihazib.gjimdokfgr;
ogjbxidbdyimibz.hdbuibhazibhd.jigdhbasbdyibDi.dagfcblohdbqfnnfgrbdabsannaq
ivigbobjomfgrbr.fji,bfsbdyixbzoxbmiojbfgbzajimgblymohihbasbdyibhammaqhbas
Ymadyrom,basbdyiblmaqihhbasbUiaq.ns,bogjbasbdyibsiinfgrhbdyodbhdfmmijbdyi
yiomdhbasba.mbsamisodyimhbfgbdyifmblmfzivonbyazihp

Fgbamjimbdablniohibdyibnomrimbcnohhbasbmiojimh,bobmir.nombcojigcibyohbuiig
.hij,bobzioh.mibqyfcy,bqyfnibmidofgfgrbdyibihhigdfonbcyomocdimfhdfchbas
dyibamfrfgon,blimzfdhbdyibmiojimbdabhiiboyiojbasbyfzbfgbmiojfgrp

LimyolhbivimxbOgrna-HoeagbhcyanombyohbyfhbaqgbdyiamxbohbdabyaqbUiaq.ns
hya.njbuibdmoghnodijpbHazibyovibrfvigb.hblmahibvimhfaghbasbqyodbqibuinfivi
dabuibobrmiodblaizpbFhbfdbogxbmisnicdfagbagba.mbyagamijbKizunibogjbOmganj
dabhoxbdyodbdyifmbdmoghnodfaghbsofnbdabhyaqbobnoxzogbdyodbUiaq.nsbfh
 .hdnxbconnijba.mbsfmhdb_ilfc_?bAsbdyahibdmoghnodamhbqyabyovib.hijbvimhi,
hivimonbyovibqmfddigbsmazbqyodbqa.njbhiizbobzfhdokigblafgdbasbvfiqpbFhbfd
lmalim,bsambfghdogci,bdyodbdyibrmovibogjbhanizgbhliicyihbasbUiaq.nsbogj
Ymadyrombuibl.dbfgbuonnojbzioh.mih,bdmfllfgrbnfrydnxbogjbofmfnxbonagr?bAm,
orofg,bfhbfdbsfddfgrbdyodbdyibma.rybzomdfonbz.hfcbasbOgrna-Hoeagbvimhibui
fgdimlmidijbdab.hbfgbdyibhzaadybzioh.mihbasbzajimgbunogkbvimhi?bJabqibyiom
qyodbyohbuiigbuio.dfs.nnxbconnijb"dyibcnogrfgrbdmiojbasbobqommfambfg
zofn"?

[vfff]

AsbonnbIgrnfhybdmoghnodfaghbasbUiaq.ns,bdyodbasbLmasihhambRomgiddbonagi
rfvihbogxbojiw.odibfjiobasbdyibcyfisbcyomocdimfhdfchbasbdyfhbrmiod
Di.dagfcbilfcp

Dyibzioh.mib.hijbfgbdyiblmihigdbdmoghnodfagbfhbuinfivijbdabuibohbgiombo
milmaj.cdfagbasbdyibamfrfgonbohbzajimgbIgrnfhybossamjhpbDyibcojigcih
cnahinxbmihizunibdyahib.hijbuxbUmaqgfgrbfgbhazibasbyfhbzahdbhdmfkfgr
laizhpbDyibsa.mbhdmihhihbasbdyibOgrna-Hoeagbvimhibomibmidofgij,bogjboh
z.cybdyihfhbogjbogocm.hfhbfhbonnaqijbohbfhbcaghfhdigdbqfdybobmir.nom
cojigcipbOnnfdimodfagbyohbuiigb.hijbdabobnomribiedigd;bu.dbfdbqohbdya.ryd
dyodbzajimgbiomhbqa.njbyomjnxbdanimodibfdbagbivimxbnfgipbIgj-myxzibyoh
uiigb.hijbaccohfagonnx;bfgdimgonbmyxzi,bhlamojfconnxpbUadybyovibhazi
qommogdbfgbOgrna-Hoeagblaidmxpb(Sambigj-myxzi,bhiib1_53,b1_54;bsam
fgdimgonbmyxzi,b2_21,b6_40p)

QyodbR.zzimi[1]bconnhbdyib"mfzi-rfvim"byohbuiigbhd.jfa.hnxbkild;b_vftp_,
dyibsfmhdboccigdijbhxnnounibfgbdyibhicagjbyons-vimhibonqoxhbcommfihbdyi
onnfdimodfag;bogjbdyibnohdboccigdijbhxnnounibonnfdimodihbagnx
hlamojfconnxpbOndimgodibonnfdimodfagbfhbaccohfagonnxb.hijbohbfgbdyi
amfrfgonpb(Hiib7_61,b8_5p)

Gabdqaboccigdijbhxnnounihbyovibuiigbuma.rydbdaridyim,biecildbaccohfagonnx
osdimbobcæh.monblo.hipb(Hiib2_19bogjb12_1p)bAm,bhcfigdfsfconnxbhliokfgr,
Hfivimh'hbCbdxlibyohbuiigbovafjijbohbgadbcaghagogdbqfdybdyiblnogbas
dmoghnodfagpbHivimonbasbyfhbdxlih,byaqivim,bcaghdogdnxbacc.m;b_iprp_bObogj
obvomfogdb(/ eb|b/ e)b(/ e eb|b/ e);bUbogjbobvomfogdb(e /b|be / )b(e e /b|
e / );bobvomfogdbasbJb(/ eb|b/ e e);bIb(/ e eb|b/ )pbOgocm.hfhbrfvih
s.mdyimbvomfidxbdabdyibdxlihb.hijbfgbdyibdmoghnodfagp

Dyiblomonninfhzhbasbdyibamfrfgonbyovibuiigbsofdys.nnxblmihimvijpb(_Iprp_,
1_16bogjb1_17:b"Namj"bogjb"QfinjimbasbRnamx";b1_30,b1_31,b1_32;b2_12bogj
2_13;b2_27bogjb2_28;b3_5bogjb3_6p)bAccohfagonnx,bhazibnahhbyohbuiig
h.hdofgij;bu.d,bagbdyibadyimbyogj,bobrofgbyohbyimibogjbdyimibuiigbzojip

Dyibissamdbyohbuiigbzojibdabrfvibobjicfjijbsnovambasbomcyofhzbdabdyi
dmoghnodfagpbOnnbqamjhbgadbfgbkiilfgrbqfdybdyibhlfmfdbasbdyiblaizbyovi
uiigbovafjijpbOrofg,bdya.rybzogxbomcyofcbqamjhbyovibuiigb.hij,bdyimibomi
gagi,bfdbfhbuinfivij,bqyfcybomibgadbsa.gjbfgbhdogjomjbzajimgblaidmxp

[fe]

Qfdybdyihiblminfzfgomxbmizomkh,bfdbqfnnbgadbuibozfhhbdabrfvibogba.dnfgibas
dyibhdamxbasbdyiblaizp


_DYIbHDAMXp_

_Ymadyrom,bkfgrbasbdyibJogih,bambHcxnjfgrh,bu.fnjhbobrmiodbzioj-yonn,bam
lonoci,bfgbqyfcybyibyalihbdabsiohdbyfhbnfirizigbogjbdabrfvibdyizblmihigdhp
Dyib axbasbkfgrbogjbmidofgimhbfh,byaqivim,basbhyamdbj.modfagpbRmigjin,bdyi
zaghdim,bfhbhiftijbqfdybyodis.nb iona.hxpbYibcoggadbumaakbdyibha.gjhbas
 axogcibdyodbmiocybyfzbjaqgbfgbyfhbsig-jqinnfgrbgiombdyibyonnpbAsdbogj
ogagbyibraihbdabdyib axa.hbu.fnjfgr,buigdbagbjfmis.nbzfhcyfispbDyogibosdim
dyogibfhbm.dynihhnxbcommfijbassbogjbjiva.mij,bqyfnibgabagibfhbsa.gjbhdmagr
iga.rybogjbuanjbiga.rybdabcalibqfdybdyibzaghdimpbSambdqinvibxiomhbyi
limhic.dihbYmadyrombogjbyfhbvohhonhp_

_Avimbhio,bobjox'hbvaxoribass,bUiaq.ns,basbdyibRiodh,bgilyiqbasbYfrinoc,
kfgrbasbdyibRiodh,byiomhbasbRmigjin'hbjafgrhbogjbasbYmadyrom'hbzfhimxpbYi
mihanvihbdabcm.hybdyibsinnbzaghdimbogjbminfivibdyiborijbkfgrpbQfdy
sa.mdiigbcyahigbcazlogfagh,byibhidhbhofnbsambJogi-nogjpbMiocyfgrbdyod
ca.gdmx,byibhaagblimh.ojihbYmadyrombasbyfhboufnfdxbdabyinlbyfzpbDyibya.mh
dyodbinolhibuisamibgfrydbomibhligdbfgbuiim-jmfgkfgrbogjbcagvimhodfagpbQyig
Ymadyrom'hbuijdfzibcazihbyibniovihbdyibyonnbfgbcyomribasbUiaq.ns,bdinnfgr
yfzbdyodbgivimbuisamibyohbyibrfvigbdabogadyimbdyibouhan.dibqomjhyflbasbyfh
lonocipbOnnbmidfmibdabmihd,bUiaq.ns,bohbfdbqimi,bhniilfgrb.lagbyfhbomzhp_

_Rmigjinbcazih,bdyibrmiodbzomcy-hdillim,buiomfgrbRaj'hbogrimpbYibhiftih
ogjbkfnnhbagibasbdyibhniilfgrbqommfamhpbDyigbyibojvogcihbdaqomjhbUiaq.nsp
Obsfimcibogjbjihlimodibyogj-da-yogjbhdm.rrnibigh.ihpbGabomzhbomib.hij,
uadybcazuodogdhbdm.hdfgrbdabhdmigrdybogjbyogj-rmflpbUiaq.nsbdiomh
Rmigjin'hbhya.njimbsmazbfdhbhackid,bogjbdyibzaghdimbmidmiodhbdabyfhbjig,
yaqnfgrbogjbxinnfgrbqfdyboragxbogjbs.mxpbDyibqa.gjbfhbsodonp_

_Dyibgiedbzamgfgr,bodbiomnxbjoqg,bqommfamhbfgbg.zuimhbsnackbdabdyibyonn
Yiamad,bdabyiombdyibgiqhpb axbfhbua.gjnihhpbRniibm.ghbyfrypbYmadyrombogj
yfhbmidofgimhbomibnovfhybasbrmodfd.jibogjbasbrfsdhp_

_Rmigjin'hbzadyim,byaqivim,bcazihbdyibgiedbgfrydbdabovigribyfhbjiodypbHyi
fhbs.mfa.hbogjbmorfgrpbQyfnibUiaq.nsbfhbhniilfgrbfgbobmaazbhaziqyodbolomd
[e]bsmazbdyibw.omdimhbasbdyibadyimbqommfamh,bhyibhiftihbagibasbYmadyrom'h
sovamfdibca.ghinnamh,bogjbcommfihbyfzbassbogjbjiva.mhbyfzpbUiaq.nsbfh
connijpbJidimzfgijbdabniovibYiamadbigdfminxbl.mfsfij,byibomzhbyfzhins,bogj
raihbjaqgbdabnaakbsambdyibsizonibzaghdimpbOsdimbdmovinfgrbdyma.rybdyi
qodimhbzogxbya.mh,byibziidhbyimbgiombdyibhio-uaddazpbHyibjmorhbyfzbdabyim
jigpbDyimibyibhiihbRmigjinbnxfgrbjiojpbOsdimbobjihlimodibogjbonzahdbsodon
hdm.rrnibqfdybdyibqazog,byibhnoxhbyim,bogjbhqfzhb.lqomjbfgbdmf.zly,bdokfgr
qfdybyfzbRmigjin'hbyiojp_

_ axbfhbmigiqijbodbYiamadpbCagrmod.nodfaghbcmaqjb.lagbdyibvfcdampbYmadyrom
nfdimonnxbla.mhbdmioh.mihbfgdabdyibnolbasbUiaq.ns;bogjbfdbfhbormiijbozagr
dyibvohhonhbasbdyibkfgrbdyodbUiaq.nsbqfnnbuibdyifmbgiedbnfirinamjp_

_Uiaq.nsbniovihbJogi-nogjpbYmadyrombqiilhbogjbnozigdhbodbyfhbjilomd.mip_

_Qyigbdyibyimabommfvihbfgbyfhbaqgbnogj,bYfrinocbdmiodhbyfzbohbo
jfhdfgr.fhyijbr.ihdpbYibfhbdyibyimabasbdyibya.mp_

_Uiaq.nsbh.uhiw.igdnxbuicazihbkfgrbasbyfhbaqgblialni,bdyibRiodhpbOsdimbyi
yohbuiigbm.nfgrbsambsfsdxbxiomh,byfhbaqgbgifryuamyaajbfhbqas.nnxbyommfij
uxbobsfmi-hliqfgrbjmoragpbUiaq.nsbjidimzfgihbdabkfnnbyfzpbFgbdyibigh.fgr
hdm.rrnibuadybUiaq.nsbogjbdyibjmoragbomibhnofgpbDyibrmfisbasbdyibRiodhbfh
fgielmihhfunipbDyixbjidimzfgi,byaqivim,bdabniovibgadyfgrb.gjagibdabyagam
dyibzizamxbasbdyifmbnamjpbObrmiodbs.gimon-lxmibfhbu.fnd,bogjbyfhbuajxbfh
u.mgdpbDyigbobzizamfon-uommaqbfhbzoji,bvfhfunibsmazbobrmiodbjfhdogci,bdyod
hofnamhbosombzoxbuibcaghdogdnxbmizfgjijbasbdyiblmaqihhbasbdyibgodfagon
yimabasbRiodnogjp_

_Dyiblaizbcnahihbqfdybobrnaqfgrbdmfu.dibdabyfhbumovimx,byfhbrigdnigihh,
yfhbraajgihhbasbyiomd,bogjbyfhbrigimahfdxp_

bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*

Fdbfhbdyibjiva.dbjihfmibasbdyfhbdmoghnodambdabyohdigbdyibjoxbqyigbdyi
hdamxbasbUiaq.nsbhyonnbuibohbsozfnfombdabIgrnfhy-hliokfgrblialnihbohbdyod
asbdyibFnfojpbUiaq.nsbfhba.mbsfmhdbrmiodbilfcpbFdbfhbogbilfdazftijbyfhdamx
asbdyibnfsibasbdyibDi.dagfcbmocihpbFdbumfgrhbvfvfjnxbuisamib.hba.m
samisodyimhbasblmi-Onsmijfogbimoh,bfgbdyifmbnavibasbqom,basbhio,bogjbas
ojvigd.mip

Zxbhlicfonbdyogkhbomibj.ibdabLmasihhamhbSmogcfhbOpbZomcybogjb ozihbOp
Yommfhag,bsambojvfci,bhxzlodyx,bogjbohhfhdogcip

bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb pNpbYONNp

[ef]




OUUMIVFODFAGHb.HIJbFGbDYIbGADIHp


Upb=bU.rripbCpb=bCahf gpbRmpb=bRmifgpbRmjvdrpb=bRm.gjdvfrpbYpb=bYixgipbYp
ogjbHpb=bYommfhagbogjbHyomlpbYp-Hapb=bYixgi-HacfgpbKp=bKizunipbKnpb=
Kn.ripbZp=bZünnigyasspbMpb=bMfirimpbHpb=bHfivimhpbHqpb=bHqiidpbdpUpb=bdig
UmfgkpbDypb=bDyamlipbQpb=bQünckimp

bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*




UFUNFARMOLYXbASbDMOGHNODFAGHp


~Omganj,bDyazohp~--Uiaq.nspbObyimafcblaizbasbdyibifrydybcigd.mxpbNagjag,
1876pbQfdybIgrnfhybdmoghnodfagpbLmahip

~Uadkfgi,bNp~--Uiaq.nspbIlaléibOgrna-HoeaggipbYovmi,b1877pbSfmhdbSmigcy
dmoghnodfagpbLohhorihbaccohfagonnxbazfddijp

~Cagxuiomi,b p p~--Fnn.hdmodfaghbasbOgrna-HoeagbLaidmxpbNagjag,b1826pbS.nn
Nodfgbdmoghnodfag,bogjbhaziblohhorihbdmoghnodijbfgdabIgrnfhybunogk-vimhip

~Iddz.nnim,bNp~--Uiaq.ns,bhdoumifzigjbüuimhidtdpbTümfcy,b1840p

~Romgidd,b pZp~--Uiaq.ns:bogbOgrna-HoeagbLaiz,bogjbdyibSfrydbodbSfgghu.mrp
Uahdag,b1882pbOgbocc.modibnfgi-sam-nfgibdmoghnodfag,b.hfgrbonnfdimodfag
accohfagonnx,bogjbhazidfzihbohh.zfgrbobzidmfconbcojigcip

~Rmifg,bCpQpZp~--Jfcyd.grigbjimbOgrinhocyhig,bhdoumifzigjbüuimhidtdpb2
UjipbRöddfgrig,b1857-59p

~Rmfag,bRf.hdap~--Uiav.ns,blaizobilfcabogrna-hohhagibjinbVFFpbhicana,
dmojaddabibfnn.hdmodapbN.cco,b1883pbSfmhdbFdonfogbdmoghnodfagp

~Rm.gjdvfr,bGpSpHp~--U aq.nshbJmolipbCaligyorig,b1820p

~Yixgi,bZp~--Obdmoghnodfagbfgbfozufcbzioh.mihpbLojimuamg,b1863p

~Kizuni,b pZp~--DyibOgrna-HoeagbLaizhbasbUiaq.ns,bdyibDmovinnim'hbHagr,
ogjbdyibUoddnibasbSfgghu.mrpbNagjag,b1833pbDyibhicagjbijfdfagbcagdofghbo
lmahibdmoghnodfagbasbUiaq.nsp

~Nia,bYp~--.iuimbUiaq.nspbYonni,b1839pbDmoghnodfaghbasbiedmocdhp

[eff]

~N.zhjig,bYpQp~--Uiaq.ns,bdmoghnodijbfgdabzajimgbmyxzihpbNagjag,b1881p
Uonnojbzioh.mihpbLohhorihbaccohfagonnxbazfddijp

~Hogjmoh,bRpHp~--Jibcomzfgfu.hbCæjzagfboj .jfcodfhpbLomfh,b1859pbOg
iedmocdbsmazbUiaq.ns,bqfdybNodfgbdmoghnodfagp

~Hcyonjzahi,bSp~--Uiaq.nsbarbHcalihbQfjhfdy,bdabOgrinhoefhkibJfrdip
Caligyorig,b1847p

~Hfzmack,bKp~--Uiaq.nspb.iuimhidtdb.gjbimnä.dimdpbHd.ddromdb.gjbO.rhu.mr,
1859pbOnnfdimodfvibzioh.mihp

~Dyamkinfg,bRp p~--JibJogam.zbmiu.hbrihdfhbhic.npbFFFpbidbFVpblaizo
Jogfc.zbjfonicdabOgrnahoeagfcopbYovgfæ,b1815pbNodfgbdmoghnodfagp

~Dyamli,bUp~--DyibOgrna-HoeagbLaizhbasbUiaq.ns,bdyibHcôlbambRniizog'h
Doni,bogjbdyibSfrydbodbSfgghu.mrpbAesamj,b1855pbIgrnfhybdmoghnodfagbfg
hyamdbnfgih,brigimonnxbcagdofgfgrbdqabhdmihhihp

~Qockimuomdy,bOpJp~--Uiaq.ns,bdmoghnodijbfgdabIgrnfhybvimhipbNagjag,b1849p

~Qfckuimr,bMp~--Uiaq.ns,bigbsamgigrinhkby indijfkd,bösimhoddpbQihdimvfkp
SfmhdbHqijfhybdmoghnodfagp

~vagbQantarig,bYp~--Uiaq.ns,bfgbonnfdimodfvibzioh.mihpbNifltfrp

~Tfghhim,bRp~--JimbKozlsbUiaq.nshbzfdbRmigjinpb oymihuimfcydbasbdyi
Mionhcy.nibodbSamuocy,b1881p

[efff]




RNAHHOMXbASbLMALIMbGOZIHp

bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*

[Dyibsfr.mihbmisimbdabdyibjfvfhfaghbasbdyiblaizbfgbqyfcybdyibmihlicdfvi
gozihbacc.mpbDyibnomribsfr.mihbmisimbdabsfddh,bdyibhzonn,bdabnfgihbfgbdyi
sfddhp]

bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*bbbbbbb*

~Ænsyimi~p--ObkfghzogbasbQfrnosp--36_3p

~Æhcyimi~p--CagsfjigdfonbsmfigjbasbKfgrbYmadyrompbInjimbumadyimbas
XmzignospbKfnnijbuxbRmigjinp--21_3;b30_89p

~Uioghdog~p--SodyimbasbUmicop--9_26p

~Uiaq.ns~p--HagbasbHcxnj,bdyibsa.gjimbasbdyibjxgohdxbasbHcxnjfgrhpbSodyim
asbYionsjigi,bogjbrmogjsodyimbasbYmadyromp--1_18;b2_1p

~Uiaq.ns~p--DyibyimabasbdyiblaizpbHlm.grbsmazbdyibhdackbasbRiodh,bhagbas
IcrdyiaqpbUma.rydb.lbuxbyfhbzodimgonbrmogjsodyimbYmidyin,bogjbsfr.mfgrbfg
zogyaajbohbobjivadijbnfirizogbasbyfhb.gcnibYfrinocpbObyimabsmazbyfhbxa.dyp
YohbdyibhdmigrdybasbdyfmdxbzigpbIgrorihbfgbobhqfzzfgr-zodcybqfdybUmicop
RaihbdabdyibyinlbasbYmadyromborofghdbdyibzaghdimbRmigjinpbVogw.fhyih
RmigjinbogjbyfhbzadyimpbOsdimqomjhbuicazihbkfgrbasbdyibRiodhpbNodibfgbnfsi
oddizldhbdabkfnnbobsfmi-hliqfgrbjmorag,bogjbfhbhnofgpbFhbu.mfijbqfdybrmiod
yagamhpbYfhbzizamfonbza.gjp--6_26;b7_2;b7_9;b9_3;b9_8;b12_28;b12_43;b23_1,
idcp

~Umico~p--Uiaq.ns'hballagigdbfgbdyibsoza.hbhqfzzfgr-zodcyp--9_8;b9_19;
9_21;b9_22p

~Umagjfgrh~p--Oblialnibm.nijbuxbUmicop--9_23p

~Umahfgrobzigi~p--Obsoza.hbcannombagcibaqgijbuxbdyibUmahfgrhp--19_7p

~Cofg~p--LmarigfdambasbRmigjinbogjbadyimbzaghdimhp--2_56;b20_11p

~Jærymisg~p--ObqommfambasbdyibY.rh,bkfnnijbuxbUiaq.nsp--35_40p

~Jogih~p--H.u icdhbasbHcxnjbogjbyfhbjihcigjogdh,bogjbyigcibasdigbconnij
HcxnjfgrhpbAdyimbgozihbsambdyizbomibVfcdamx-Hcxnjfgrh,bYagam-Hcxnjfgrh,
Omzam-Jogih,bUmfryd-Jogih,bIohd-Jogih,bQihd-Jogih,bGamdy-Jogih,
Ha.dy-Jogih,bFgrqfgh,bYmidyzigp--1_1;b2_1;b3_2;b5_14;b7_1,bidcp

~Icrnos~p--Sodyimbasb.gsimdy,bqyabdo.gdhbUiaq.nsp--9_1p

~Icrdyiaq~p--SodyimbasbUiaq.ns,bdyibyimabasbdyiblaizpbObqfjinx-kgaqg
Qærz.gjfgrbqommfampbZommfihbYmidyin'hbjo.rydimpbOsdimbhnoxfgrbYiodyanos,bo
Qxnsfgr,byibsniihbyfhbca.gdmxp--7_3;b5_6;b8_4p

~Icrqino~p--ObkfgrbasbdyibJogihbuisamibHcxnjp--25_60p

[efv]

~Inog~p--HfhdimbasbYmadyrom,bogjblmauounxbqfsibasbAgrigdyiaq,bkfgrbasbdyi
Hqijihp--2_10p

~IornibColi~p--OblmazagdamxbfgbRiod-nogj,b.gjimbqyfcybdaakblnocibUiaq.ns'h
nohdbigca.gdimp--41_87p

~Iojrfnh~p--HagbasbAydyimibogjbumadyimbasbIogz.gjp--34_2p

~Iogz.gj~p--HagbasbAydyimibogjbumadyimbasbIojrfnhpbDyibmisimigcibdabdyihi
umadyimhbfhbvor.i,bogjbvomfa.hnxb.gjimhdaajpbYixgibh.llahihbohbsannaqh:
Mofhfgrbobmivandborofghdbdyifmbsodyim,bdyixbomibaunfrijbdabniovibHqijigp
DyixbrabdabdyibnogjbasbdyibRiodh;bqfdybqyodbfgdigdfag,bfhbgadbkgaqg,bu.d
lmauounxbdabcagw.imbogjbln.gjimpbDyibRiodfhybkfgr,bYiomjmij,bfhbhnofgbux
agibasbdyibumadyimh,blmauounxbIogz.gjp--36_10;b31_54bdab31_60;b33_66bda
34_6p

~Iasam~p--ObRiodfhybyimabqyabhnoxhbAgrigdyiaqbfgbqom,bogjbfhbmiqomjijbux
Yxrinocbqfdybdyibyogjbasbyfhbagnxbjo.rydimp--41_18;b41_48p

~Iamzigmfc~p--ObRadyfcbkfgr,bsmazbqyazbYozobdaakboqoxbdyibsoza.hbUmahfgro
zigip--19_9p

~Iazæm~p--HagbasbAssobogjbDymxdya,bkfgrbogjbw.iigbasbdyibOgrnihp--28_69p

~Sfgg~p--KfgrbasbdyibGamdy-Smfhfoghbogjbdyib .dihpbZommfihbYfnjiu.mrpbOd
yfhbca.mdbdokihblnocibdyibyammfunibhno.rydimbfgbqyfcybdyibJogfhybrigimon,
Ygæs,bsinnpbNodimbag,bSfggbyfzhinsbfhbhnofgbuxbJogfhybqommfamhp--17_18;
17_30;b17_44;b18_4;b18_23p

~Sfg-nogj~p--Dyibca.gdmxbdabqyfcybUiaq.nsbqohbjmfvigbuxbdyibc.mmigdhbfg
yfhbhqfzzfgr-zodcyp--10_22p

~Sfdino~p--HagbogjbgilyiqbasbKfgrbHfriz.gj,bqyahiblmofhihbomibh.grbfg
EFVp--14_42;b14_53p

~Sancqonjo~p--SodyimbasbSfggp--17_38p

~Smogkh~p--Fgdmaj.cijbaccohfagonnxbfgbmisimmfgrbdabdyibjiodybas
Yfrinocp--19_19;b40_21;b40_24p

~Smfhfogh~p--Oblomdbasbdyizbomibm.nijbuxbSfggpbHazibasbdyizbqimibigrorij
fgbdyibhdm.rrnibfgbqyfcybYfrinocbqohbhnofgp--17_20;b17_42;b17_52;b40_21p

~Smioqomi~p--Jo.rydimbasbKfgrbYmadyrompbZommfijbdabFgrinj,bobYiodyauomj
lmfgcip--29_60;b30_32p

~Smajo~p--KfgrbasbdyibYiodyauomjh,bogjbsodyimbasbFgrinjp--29_62p

~Romz.gj~p--SodyimbasbAssop--28_71p

~Riodh,bRiodzig~p--DyibmocibdabqyfcybdyibyimabasbdyiblaizbuinagrhpbOnha
connijbQijim-Riodh,bambQijimh,bQom-Riodh,bHio-RiodhpbDyixbomibm.nijbux
Ymidyin,bYædycxg,bYfrinoc,bogjbUiaq.nsp--4_7;b7_4;b10_45;b11_8;b27_14;
28_8p

~Rilfjh~p--GozijbfgbcaggicdfagbqfdybdyibJogihbogjbHqijihp--35_34p

~Rmigjin~p--ObzaghdimbasbdyibmocibasbCofgpbJqinnhbfgbdyibsighbogjbzaamhp
Fhbs.mfa.hnxbigvfa.hbqyigbyibyiomhbha.gjhbasb axbfgbYmadyrom'hblonocip
Co.hihbdyibkfgrb.gdanjboragxbsambxiomhpbFhbsfgonnxbcagw.imijbuxbUiaq.ns,
ogjbjfihbasbyfhbqa.gjpbYfhbyogjbogjbomzbomiby.grb.lbfgbYmadyrom'hbyonn
YiamadpbYfhbyiojbfhbc.dbassbuxbUiaq.nsbqyigbyibraihbjaqgbdabsfrydbqfdy
Rmigjin'hbzadyimp--2_50;b3_1;b3_13;b8_19;b11_17;b12_2;b13_27;b15_3p

~R.dynos~p--ObJogibasbYgæs'hblomdxp--18_24p

~Yons-Jogih~p--UmogcybasbdyibJogihbdabqyfcybYgæsbuinagrijp--17_19p

[ev]

~Yonro~p--H.mgozijbdyibRaajpbXa.grimbumadyimbasbYmadyromp--2_9p

~Yozo~p--DokihbdyibUmahfgrobzigibsmazbIamzigmfcp--19_7p

~Yæmidy~p--SodyimbasbYfrinoc'hbw.iig,bYxrjp--28_39;b29_18p

~Yædycxg~p--HagbasbYmidyinbogjbumadyimbasbYfrinocpbKfnnhbyfhbumadyim
YimiuionjboccfjigdonnxpbFhbhnofgbodbMovighqaaj,bsfrydfgrborofghd
Agrigdyiaqp--34_43;b35_23;b40_32p

~Yinzfgrh~p--DyibmocibdabqyfcybW.iigbQionydyiaqbuinagrijp--10_63p

~Yizfgr~p--ObkfghzogbasbRomz.gj,blimyolhbgilyiqp--28_54;b28_70p

~Yigrihd~p--ObJogfhybniojimpbDokihbcazzogjbagbdyibsonnbasbYgæsp--17_33;
17_41p

~Yimiuionj~p--InjihdbhagbasbYmidyin,bdyibRiodfhybkfgr,bogjbumadyimbas
YfrinocpbKfnnijbuxbyfhbxa.grimbumadyimbYædycxgp--34_43;b34_47p

~Yimizaj~p--ObJogfhybkfgrbasbobjxgohdxbuisamibdyibHcxnjfgrbnfgipbQohbo
ha.mcibasbrmiodbhammaqbdabyfhblialnip--14_64;b25_59p

~Yimimfc~p--Misimmijbdabohb.gcnibasbYiomjmij,bu.dbadyimqfhi
.gkgaqgp--31_60p

~Yidqomh~p--OgadyimbgozibsambdyibSmogkhp--33_51p

~Yionsjigi~p--RmogjhagbasbHcxnjbogjbsodyimbasbYmadyrompbM.nijbdyibJogih
nagrbogjbqinnp--2_5;b4_1;b8_14p

~Yiomjmij~p--HagbasbYfrinocbogjbYxrj,bkfgrbogjbw.iigbasbdyibRiodhp
H.cciijhbyfhbsodyim,bqfdybUiaq.nsbohbmirigdpbFhbhnofgbuxbdyibhaghbas
Aydyimip--31_56;b33_63;b33_75p

~Yiodyauomjh~p--MocibasbNazuomjh,basbqyfcybSmajobfhbkfgrpbOsdimbSmajo
sonnhbfgbuoddnibqfdybdyibJogih,bFgrinj,byfhbhag,bzommfihbYmadyrom'h
jo.rydim,bSmioqomi,bfgbamjimbdabyionbdyibsi.jp--30_1;b30_6p

~Yiodyanos~p--ObQxnsfgrbqommfambhnofgbuxbUiaq.ns'hbsodyimp--8_5p

~Yiodyamizih~p--DyiblialnibagbqyahibhyamihbUmicobfhbcohdbuxbdyibqovih
j.mfgrbyfhbcagdihdbqfdybUiaq.nsp--9_21p

~Yiamarom~p--InjimbumadyimbasbYmadyrom,bogjbh.mgozijb'QiamajobMæhqo,'
LmfgcibasbdyibDmaalimhp--2_9;b8_12p

~Yimiqomj~p--Hagbasbdyibouavip--31_17p

~Yiamd~,b~Yiamad~p--Dyibrmiodbzioj-yonnbqyfcybKfgrbYmadyrombu.fnjhpbFdbfh
fgvojijbuxbRmigjinbsambdqinvibxiomhpbSfgonnxbcnioghijbuxbUiaq.ns,bdyi
RiodpbFdbfhbconnijbYiamdbagbocca.gdbasbdyibyomd-ogdnimhbqyfcybjicamodi
fdp--2_25;b3_32;b3_52p

~Yfnjiu.mr~p--QfsibasbSfgg,bjo.rydimbasbYaci,bogjbminodijbda
Ygæs,--lmauounxbyfhbhfhdimp--17_21;b18_34p

~Ygæs~p--NiojimbasbobumogcybasbdyibJogihbconnijbYons-JogihpbKfnnijbfgbdyi
hdm.rrnibodbSfgg'hbcohdnip--17_19;b17_61p

~Yagjhcfa~p--AgibasbUiaq.ns'hbcazlogfaghpbKfnnijbuxbRmigjinb .hdbuisami
Uiaq.nsbrmollnijbqfdybdyodbzaghdimp--30_43p

~Yaci~p--SodyimbasbYfnjiu.mrbogjblmauounxbasbYgæsp--17_26p

~Ymidyin~p--KfgrbasbdyibRiodh,bsodyimbasbYfrinoc,bogjbrmogjsodyimbas
Uiaq.nsp--7_4;b34_39p

~Ymidyno~p--Agcib.hijbsambYmidyinp--7_82p

~Ymidyzig~p--OgadyimbgozibsambdyibJogihp--7_73p

~Ymidymfc~p--HagbasbYmadyromp--18_65;b27_19p

[evf]

~Ymiahgo-uiamy~p--OblmazagdamxbfgbRiod-nogj,bgiombqyfcybAydyimi'hbhagh
zojibln.gjimfgrbmofjhp--35_18p

~Ymadyrom~p--DyibJogfhybkfgrbqyabu.fndbdyibyonnbYiamd,bu.dbqohbnagrb.gouni
dabig axbfdbagbocca.gdbasbRmigjin'hblimhic.dfaghpbZommfihbQionydyiaq,bo
YinzfgrbnojxpbYohbdqabhaghbogjbobjo.rydimpbFhbobdxlfconbDi.dagfcbkfgr,
novfhybasbrfsdhpbObjivadijbnfirinamj,bohbyfhbnozigdodfaghbavimbhnofg
nfirizigblmavipbOnhabvimxbollmicfodfvibasbkfgjgihh,bohbfhbhyaqgbuxbyfh
navfgrbrmodfd.jibdabUiaq.nsp--2_9;b2_12;b4_1;b8_10;b15_1;bidcp,bidcp

~Ymadyz.gj~p--HagbasbYmadyromp--18_65p

~Ymady.ns~p--LmauounxbobhagbasbYonro,bxa.grimbumadyimbasbYmadyromp
CimdofgnxbagbdimzhbasbcnahibfgdfzocxbfgbYmadyrom'hblonocip--16_26;b18_57p

~Ym.gdfgr~p--.gsimdy'hbhqamj,bnigdbdabUiaq.nsp--22_71;b25_9p

~Y.rh~p--ObmocibfgbonnfogcibqfdybdyibSmogkhbogjbSmfhfoghbodbdyibdfzibas
Yfrinoc'hbsonnp--35_41p

~Y.g~p--ObSmfhfogbqommfam,blmauounxbrigimonbasbdyibYidqomhpbRfvihbYigrihd
obuio.dfs.nbhqamjp--18_19p

~Y.gsimdy~p--Hazidfzihb.hijbsamb.gsimdyp

~Yxrinoc~,b~Yfrinoc~p--KfgrbasbdyibRiodh,b.gcnibogjbnfirinamjbasbUiaq.ns,
dyibyimabasbdyiblaizp--YfhbhicagjbqfsibfhbdyibnavinxbYxrj,bjo.rydimbas
YæmidypbDyibhagbasbdyifmb.gfagbfhbYiomjmijpbFhbhnofgbfgbobqombqfdybdyi
Y.rh,bSmogkh,bogjbSmfhfoghbcazufgijpbUiaq.nsbfhbmirigd,bogjbosdimqomjh
kfgrbasbdyibRiodhp--4_6;b5_4;b28_34;b29_9;b29_21;b31_56p

~Yxrj~p--QfsibasbYfrinoc,bogjbjo.rydimbasbYæmidypbDyimibomibhazi
fgjfcodfaghbdyodbhyibzommfijbUiaq.nsbosdimbhyibuicozibobqfjaqp--28_37p

~Fgrinj~p--HagbasbdyibYiodyauomjbkfgr,bSmajopbZommfihbYmadyrom'hbjo.rydim,
Smioqomi,bfgbamjimbdabmicagcfnibdyibdqablialnihp--29_62;b30_32p

~Fgrqfgh~p--OgadyimbgozibsambdyibJogihp--16_52;b20_69p

~ .dih~p--GozibhazidfzihbollnfijbdabSfgg'hblialnip--17_22;b17_38;b18_17p

~Nosfgr~p--Gozibasbobsoza.hbhqamjblmihigdijbdabYigrihdbuxbY.gp--18_19p

~Zimiqfgr~p--ObSmogkfhybkfgr,blmauounxbigrorijbfgbdyibqombfgbqyfcybYfrinoc
qohbhnofgp--40_29p

~Gærnfgr~p--Uiaq.ns'hbhqamjp--36_76p

~Asso~p--KfgrbasbdyibOgrnih,bogjbhagbasbRomz.gjpbZommfihbdyibdimmfuni
DymxdyabqyabfhbhabhdmagrnxbcagdmohdijbqfdybYxrjp--28_59;b28_66p

~Aydyimi~p--HagbasbAgrigdyiaq,bkfgrbasbdyibHqijihpbYibfhbsodyimbasbIogz.gj
ogjbIojrfnhp--40_35;b40_39p

~Agino~p--UmadyimbasbAydyimip--36_15;b40_39p

~Agrigdyiaq~p--KfgrbasbHqijig,basbdyibHcxnsfgrbjxgohdxpbZommfij,blimyolh,
Inog,bjo.rydimbasbYionsjigip--35_26;b41_16p

~Ahnos~p--ObJogibasbYgæs'hblomdxp--18_24p

~Movighqaaj~p--DyibsamihdbgiombqyfcybYædycxgbqohbhnofgp--40_31;b40_41p

~Hcisfgr~p--Ollnfijb(1_4)bdabHcxnj,bogjbziogfgrb'hagbasbHcisp'

[evff]

~Hcxnj~p--Sa.gjimbasbdyibjxgohdxbdabqyfcybYmadyrom,byfhbsodyim,bogj
rmogjsodyimbuinagrijpbYibjfih,bogjbyfhbuajxbfhbl.dbagbobvihhin,bogjbhid
ojmfsdpbYibraihbsmazbJoginogjb .hdbohbyibyojbcazibdabfd--fgbobuomkp--1_4;
1_19;b1_27p

~Hcxnjfgrh~p--DyibjihcigjogdhbasbHcxnjpbDyixbomibonhabconnij
Yagam-Hcxnjfgrh,bVfcdamx-Hcxnjfgrh,bQom-Hcxnjfgrh,bidcpb(Hiib'Jogih,'
ouavip)--2_1;b7_1;b8_1p

~Hcxnsfgrh~p--ObHqijfhybmaxonbnfgibdabqyfcybQfrnosbuinagrijp--36_2p

~Hfriz.gj~p--HagbasbQænh,bogjb.gcnibogjbsodyimbasbSfdinopbYfhbhdm.rrni
qfdybobjmoragbfhbminodijbfgbcaggicdfagbqfdybUiaq.ns'hbjiijhbas
lmaqihhp--14_38;b14_47p

~Hqimdfgr~p--RmogjsodyimbasbYfrinoc,bogjbsodyimbasbYmidyinp--19_11p

~Hqijih~p--LialnibasbHqijig,bm.nijbuxbdyibHcxnsfgrhp--35_13p

~Dymxdya~p--QfsibasbAsso,bkfgrbasbdyibOgrnihpbKgaqgbsambyimbsfimcibogj
.gqazognxbjfhlahfdfagpbHyibfhbfgdmaj.cijbohbobcagdmohdbdabdyibrigdnibYxrj,
w.iigbasbYfrinocp--28_42;b28_56p

~.gsimdy~p--HagbasbIcrnos,bogjbhiizfgrnxbobcagsfjigdfonbca.mdfimbas
YmadyrompbDo.gdhbUiaq.nsbsambyovfgrbdokigblomdbfgbdyibhqfzzfgr-zodcyp
NigjhbUiaq.nsbyfhbhqamjbqyigbyibraihbdabnaakbsambRmigjin'hbzadyimpbFgbdyi
ZHpbhazidfzihbqmfddigb_Y.gsimdy_pb9_1;b18_41p

~Qænh~p--SodyimbasbHfriz.gjp--14_60p

~Qærz.gjfgr~p--ObgozibaccohfagonnxbollnfijbdabQfrnosbogjbUiaq.ns,bogj
limyolhbjimfvijbsmazbobcazzagbogcihdam,bQærz.gjp--36_6;b38_61p

~Qijimh~p--OgadyimbgozibsambRiodhbambQijimriodhp

~Qoxnogj~p--Obsou.na.hbhzfdybzigdfagijbfgbdyfhblaizbogjbfgbadyimbanj
Di.dagfcbnfdimod.mip--7_83p

~Qigjinh~p--DyiblialnibasbQ.nsrom,bYmadyrom'hbzihhigrimbogjbmidofgimp
(Limyolhb=bVogjonhp)--6_30p

~Qionydyiaq~p--QfsibasbYmadyrompbYimbw.iignxbca.mdihxbfhbqinnbhyaqgbfgbdyi
laizp--10_55p

~Qiayhdog~,bamb~Qfyhdog~p--ObQærz.gjfgr,bogjbsodyimbasbQfrnosp--36_1p

~Qyoni'hbGihh~p--Oblmazfgigdblmazagdamx,bagbqyfcybUiaq.ns'hbza.gjbqoh
u.fndp--38_52;b42_76p

~Qfrnos~p--HagbasbQfyhdog,bogjbminodijbdabUiaq.nspbYibmizofghbsofdys.nbda
Uiaq.nsbfgbdyibsodonbhdm.rrnibqfdybdyibsfmi-jmokipbQa.njbmodyimbjfibdyog
niovibyfhbnamjbfgbyfhbjfmibizimrigcxp--36_1;b36_3;b36_28p

~Qagmij~p--SodyimbasbQ.nsbogjbIasamp--41_20;b41_26p

~Q.ns~p--HagbasbQagmijpbIgrorijbfgbdyibuoddnibuidqiigbYfrinoc'hbogj
Agrigdyiaq'hbsamcih,bogjbyojbobyogj-da-yogjbsfrydbqfdybAgrigdyiaqbyfzhinsp
Agrigdyiaqbjfhounihbyfz,bogjbfhbdyimi.lagbhnofgbuxbIasamp--41_19;b41_29p

~Q.nsrom~p--NamjbasbdyibQigjinh,bogjbmidofgimbasbYmadyromp--6_18;b6_30p

~Qxnsfgrh~p--OblialnibdabqyazbuinagrijbYiodyanos,bqyabqohbhnofgbux
Icrdyiaqp--8_6;b8_16p

~Xmzignos~p--Xa.grimbumadyimbasbÆhcyimi,bdyibyimabqyahibjiodybrmfivij
Ymadyrombhabjiilnxp--21_4p

[evfff]




NFHDbASbQAMJHbOGJbLYMOHIHbGADbFGbRIGIMONb.HIp


ODYINFGRp--Lmfgci,bgaunizogp

UOFMGp--Hag,bcyfnjp

UOMMAQp--Za.gj,bma.gjijbyfnn,bs.gimon-za.gjp

UODDNI-HOMKp--Omzamp

UIOKIMp--C.l,bjmfgkfgr-vihhinp

UIRIOMp--Lmilomip

UFRYDp--Uox,bhiop

UFNNp--Hqamjp

UAHHp--Amgozigdonblma icdfagp

UMOCDIODIp--Obma.gjbamgozigdbagbobgicknocip

UMOGJp--Hqamjp

U.MGp--Hdmiozp

U.MGFIp--Omzamp

COMNIp--Zog,byimap

IOMNp--Gaunizog,bogxbumovibzogp

IKIp--Onhap

IZLMFHIp--Igdimlmfhi,b.gjimdokfgrp

IMHDp--Samzimnxp

IMHD-QAMDYXp--Qamdyxbsambobnagrbdfziblohdp

SOFGp--Rnojp

SIMMXp--Uiom,bcommxp

SIXp--Sodij,bjaazijp

SNAODp--Vihhin,bhyflp

SAFGp--Dabn.grib(Hyokhp)p

RNAMXbASbKFGRHp--Rajp

RMIQHAZIp--Cm.in,bsfimcip

YISDp--Yogjni,byfnd;b.hijbuxbhxgicjacyibsamb'hqamjp'

YINZp--Yinzid,blmadicdamp

YIGCYZOGp--Midofgim,bvohhonp

YFRYDp--Ozb(qoh)bgozijp

YANZp--Aciog,bc.mvijbh.msocibasbdyibhiop

YFZHIIZIJp--(Fd)bhiizijbdabyfzp

NFISp--Jiom,bvon.ijp

ZIMIp--Hio;bfgbcazla.gjh,b'zimi-qoxh,'b'zimi-c.mmigdh,'bidcp

ZFCKNIp--Z.cyp

GODYNIHHp--Givimdyinihhp

GOTIp--Ijrib(gahi)p

GIHHp--Ijrip

GFCKIMp--Hio-uiohdp

W.FD,bW.FDIp--Miw.fdip

MODYIp--W.fcknxp

MIOVIp--Uimiovi,bjilmfvip

HOFN-MAOJp--Hiop

HIDDNIp--Hiod,buigcyp

HKFGKIMp--Agibqyabla.mhp

HAADYNXp--Dm.nxp

HQFGRIp--Hdmaki,bunaqp

DOMRI,bDOMRIDp--Hyfinjp

DYMA.RYNXp--Dyama.rynxp

DANJp--Ca.gdijp

.GCOGGXp--Fnn-siod.mij,brmfttnxp

.GGIDYIp--Jfssfc.ndp

QOM-HLIIJp--H.ccihhbfgbqomp

QIUp--Dolihdmxb(dyodbqyfcybfhb'qavig')p

QIIJIJp--Cnojb(cspbqfjaq'hbqiijh)p

QIIGp--H.llahi,bfzorfgip

QIFMJp--Sodi,bLmavfjigcip

QYFNAZp--Odbdfzih,bsamzimnx,basdigp

QFINJIMp--M.nimpbAsdigb.hijbasbRaj;bonhabfgbcazla.gjh,bohb'Qfinjimbas
Rnamx,'b'QfinjimbasbQamhyflp'

QFRYDp--Cmiod.mip

QANJp--Lnogi,biedigjijbh.msocip

QADp--Kgaqhp

XA.GKIMp--Xa.dyp

[1]




UIAQ.NSp




Fp

DYIbNFSIbOGJbJIODYbASbHCXNJp


{Dyibsoza.hbmocibasbHliom-Jogihp}

bbbbbbbbbbNa!bdyibHliom-Jogih'brnamxbdyma.rybhlnigjfjbocyfivizigdh
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsank-kfgrh'bsamzimbsozibqibyovibyiomjbas,
bbbbbbbbbbYaqblmfgcihbjfhlnoxijbdyigbdyifmblmaqihh-fg-uoddnip

{Hcxnj,bdyifmbzfrydxbkfgr,bfgbyagambasbqyazbdyixbomibasdigbconnij
HcxnjfgrhpbYibfhbdyibrmiod-rmogjsodyimbasbYmadyrom,bhablmazfgigdbfgbdyi
laizp}

bbbbbbbbbbAsdbHcxnjbdyibHcisfgrbsmazbhcodyimhbfgbg.zuimh
bbbbbbbb5bSmazbzogxboblialnibdyifmbzioj-uigcyihbdamip
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibsfmhdbyibsa.gjbyfzbsmfigjnihhbogjbqmidcyij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomnbyojbyojbdimmam:bcazsamdbyibradbsambfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQoeijb'giodybdyibqinkfg,bqamnj-yagambrofgij,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbonnbyfhbgifryuamhba'imbhiobqimibcazlinnijbda
bbbbbbb10bUaqbdabyfhbufjjfgrbogjbumfgrbyfzbdyifmbdmfu.di:
bbbbbbbbbbOgbiecinnigdbodyinfgr!bOsdimbqohbuamgibyfz

{Obhagbfhbuamgbdabyfz,bqyabmicifvihbdyibgozibasbUiaq.ns--obgozibosdimqomjh
zojibhabsoza.hbuxbdyibyimabasbdyiblaizp}

bbbbbbbbbbObhagbogjbyifm,bxa.grbfgbyfhbjqinnfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQyazbRaj-Sodyimbhigdbdabhanocibdyiblialnip
bbbbbbbbbbYibyojbzomkijbdyibzfhimxbzonfcibyojbco.hijbdyiz,
bbbbbbb15b[1]Dyodbmiovijbasbdyifmbm.nimhbdyixbqmidcyijbyojbimhdqyfni[2]
bbbbbbbbbbNagrbuiigbossnfcdijpbDyibNamj,bfgbmiw.fdon,
bbbbbbbbbbQfinjimbasbRnamx,bqfdybqamnj-yagambunihhijbyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbSozijbqohbUiaq.ns,bsombhlmiojbdyibrnamx
bbbbbbbbbbAsbHcxnj'hbrmiodbhagbfgbdyibnogjhbasbdyibJogizigp

[2]

{DyibfjionbDi.dagfcbkfgrbnovfhyihbrfsdhbagbyfhbvohhonhp}

bbbbbbb20bHabdyibcomnibdyodbfhbxa.gr,buxbkfgjgihhihbmigjimij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsmfigjhbasbyfhbsodyim,bqfdybsiihbfgbou.gjogci
bbbbbbbbbbZ.hdbuibounibdabiomgbdyodbqyigboribollmaocyidy
bbbbbbbbbbIorimbcazlogfaghbofjbyfzbmiw.fdfgrnx,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbqombohho.ndhbyfzbhimvibyfzbohbnfirizig:
bbbbbbb25bUxblmofhi-qamdyxbocdfaghbz.hdbyagambuibrad
bbbbbbbbbb'ZagrbonnbasbdyibmocihpbOdbdyibya.mbdyodbqohbsodij

{Hcxnjbjfihbodbdyibya.mbollafgdijbuxbSodip}

bbbbbbbbbbHcxnjbdyigbjilomdijbdabdyibOnn-Sodyim'hbkiilfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQomnfkibdabqigjbyfz;boqoxbdyigbdyixbuomibyfz
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibsnaajbasbdyibc.mmigd,byfhbsagj-navfgrbcazmojih,
bbbbbbb30bOhbyfzhinsbyibyojbufjjig,bqyfnibdyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh
bbbbbbbbbbQamj-hqoxbqfinjij,bogjbdyibqinn-navèjbnogj-lmfgci
bbbbbbbbbbNagrbjfjbm.nibdyizp[3]bDyibmfgr-hdizzèjbvihhin,
bbbbbbbbbbUomkbasbdyibodyinfgr,bnoxbdyimibodbogcyam,
bbbbbbbbbbFcxbfgbrnfzzimbogjbiorimbsambhofnfgr;

{Uxbyfhbaqgbmiw.ihd,byfhbuajxbfhbnofjbagbobvihhinbogjbqosdijbhioqomjp}

bbbbbbb35bDyibuinavèjbniojimbnofjbdyixbjaqgbdyimi,
bbbbbbbbbbRfvimbasbmfgrh,bagbdyibumiohdbasbdyibvihhin,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsozijbuxbdyibzofgzohdpbObzogxbasb iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbsmiddijbizuahhfgrh,bsmazbsom-nogjhbuma.rydbavim,
bbbbbbbbbbQohblnocijbgiombodbyogjbdyig;bogjbyiomjbFbgadbivim
bbbbbbb40bDyodbobsankbivimbs.mgfhyijbobsnaodbzamibh.limunx
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqiolaghbasbqomsomi,bqiijhbsambdyibuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbUfnnhbogjbu.mgfih;bagbyfhbuahazbhlomknij
bbbbbbbbbbZogxbob iqinbdyodbqfdybyfzbz.hdbdmovin
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibsn.hybasbdyibsnaajbosombagbdyibc.mmigdp
bbbbbbb45bOgjbsovamhbgabsiqimbdyixbs.mgfhyijbyfzbhaadynx,
bbbbbbbbbbIecinnigdbsank-rizh,bdyogbadyimhbyojbrfvigbyfz

{YibniovihbJoginogjbagbdyibumiohdbasbobuomkp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyabqyigbsfmhdbyibqohbuamgba.dqomjbjfjbhigjbyfz
bbbbbbbbbbNagibagbdyibzofg,bdyibzimihdbasbfgsogdh:
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbobranj-sohyfagijbhdogjomjbdyixbhdmidcyijb.gjimbyiovig
[3]bbbb50bYfryba'imbyfhbyioj,bnidbdyibyanz-c.mmigdhbuiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbHioqomjbcaghfrgijbyfz:bhojbqohbdyifmbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbzaajbvimxbza.mgs.npbZigbomibgadbouni

{Gabagibkgaqhbqyfdyimbdyibuaodbjmfsdijp}

bbbbbbbbbbHaadynxbdabdinnb.h,bdyixbfgbyonnhbqyabmihfji,[4]
bbbbbbbbbbYimaihb.gjimbyiovig,bdabqyodbyovigbyibyfijp

bbbb[1]bSambdyib'Þæd'basbvimhib15,bHfivimhbh.rrihdhb'Þá'b(=bqyfcy)pbFs
bbbbdyfhbuiboccildij,bdyibhigdigcib'Yibyojbpppbossnfcdij'bqfnnbmioj:b_Yi_
bbbb(_fpip_bRaj)b_yojblimcifvijbdyibzonfci-co.hijbhammaqbqyfcybdyix,
bbbbnamjnihh,byojbsamzimnxbnagrbigj.mij_p

bbbb[2]bSamb'onjam-néohi'b(15)bRmpbh.rrihdijb'onjam-ciomi':b_Yiblimcifvij
bbbbdyifmbjfhdmihh,bdyodbdyixbsamzimnxbyojbh.ssimijbnfsi-hammaqbobnagr
bbbbqyfni_p

bbbb[3]bObvimxbjfssfc.ndblohhoripb'Áydi'b(31)byohbgabau icdpbYpbh.llnfih
bbbb'riqionj'bsmazbdyibcagdied;bogjba.mbdmoghnodfagbfhbuohijb.lagbdyfh
bbbbohh.zldfag,bdya.rybfdbfhbsombsmazbhodfhsocdamxpbKnpbh.rrihdh
bbbb'nægjoroh'bsamb'nogri':b_Ogjbdyibuinavijbnogj-lmfgcibig axijb(yoj)byfh
bbbbdmoghfdamxbjoxhb(fpipbnfvij)_pbUpbh.rrihdhbobjfhnacodfag;bu.dbdyfhbfh
bbbbobjogrima.hbjacdmfgi,bl.hyijbmodyimbsombuxbdyodbizfgigdbhcyanomp

bbbb[4]bDyibmiojfgrbasbdyibYp-Hapbdiedbyohbuiigbw.fdibcnahinxbsannaqij;
bbbbu.dbhazibizfgigdbhcyanomhbmiojb'héni-mæjiggi'bsamb'hini-mæjigjip'bFs
bbbbdyodbuibojaldij,bdyiblohhoribqfnnbmioj:b_Zigbcoggadbdinnb.h,bfgjiij,
bbbbdyibamjimbasbSodi,bidcp_b'Hini-mæjigji'byohbdqabdyfgrhbdabh.llamdbfd:
bbbb(1)bvpb1347;b(2)bfdbossamjhboblomonninbdab'zig'bfgbvpb50p




FFp

HCXNJ'HbH.CCIHHAMHp--YMADYROM'HbRMIODbZIOJ-YONNp


{Uiaq.nsbh.cciijhbyfhbsodyimbHcxnj}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibuama.ryhbdyigbUiaq.ns,buofmgbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbUinavèjbnogj-lmfgci,bsambnagr-nohdfgrbhiohag
bbbbbbbbbbQohbsozijbzfjbdyibsankb(yfhbsodyimbjilomdij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblmfgcibsmazbyfhbjqinnfgr),bdfnnbosdimqomjbhlmogr
bbbbbbbb5bRmiod-zfgjijbYionsjigi;bdyibJogihbfgbyfhbnfsidfzi
bbbbbbbbbbYibrmocfa.hnxbravimgij,brmfz-zaajij,borèjp

{Yionsjigi'hbufmdyp}

bbbbbbbbbbSa.mbuofmghbasbyfhbuajxbuamgbfgbh.ccihhfag
bbbbbbbbbbQakibfgbdyibqamnj,bqom-dmaalimh'bniojim
bbbbbbbbbbYiamarom,bYmadyrom,bogjbYonrobdyibraaj;
bbbbbbb10bYiomjbFbdyodbInogbqohbAgrigdyiaq'hbcaghamd,

{Yibyohbdymiibhagh--agibasbdyiz,bYmadyrom--ogjbobjo.rydimbgozijbInogp
Ymadyrombuicazihbobzfrydxbkfgrp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqinn-uinavijbuijzodibasbdyibQom-Hcxnsfgrbniojimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbrnamxbfgbuoddnibdabYmadyrombqohbrfvig,
bbbbbbbbbbQoefgrbasbqom-sozi,bdyodbqfnnfgrnxbkfghzig
bbbbbbbbbbAuixijbyfhbufjjfgr,bdfnnbdyibuaxhbrmiqbdabzogyaaj,
bbbbbbb15bObg.zima.hbuogjpbbFdbu.mgijbfgbyfhbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbDab.mribyfhbsankbdabsa.gjbobrmiodbu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbObzioj-yonnbrmogjimbdyogbzigbasbdyibimo

{Yibfhbiorimbdabu.fnjbobrmiodbyonnbfgbqyfcybyibzoxbsiohdbyfhbmidofgimh}

bbbbbbbbbbIvimbyojbyiomjbas,bogjbfgbfdbdabhyomi
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybxa.grbogjbanjbonnbasbdyibunihhfgrh
bbbbbbb20bDyibNamjbyojbonnaqijbyfz,bhovibnfsibogjbmidofgimhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibqamkbFbsfgjbosombqohbohhfrgij
[4]bbbbbbbDabzogxbmocihbfgbzfjjni-iomdy'hbmirfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbDabojamgbdyibrmiodbsank-yonnpbFgbj.ibdfzibfdbyolligij
bbbbbbbbbbIomnxb'zagrbzig,bdyodb'dqohbsfgfhyijbigdfminx,
bbbbbbb25bDyibrmiodihdbasbyonn-u.fnjfgrh;bYiamadbyibgozijbfd

{Dyibyonnbfhbcazlnidij,bogjbfhbconnijbYiamd,bambYiamadp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyabqfji-miocyfgrbqamj-hqoxbqfinjijb'zagrbiomnzigp
bbbbbbbbbbYfhblmazfhibyibumokibgad,bmfgrhbyibnovfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbDmioh.mibodbuogw.idpbDaqimijbdyibyonnb.l
bbbbbbbbbbYfrybogjbyamg-cmihdij,by.ribuidqiigbogdnimh:
bbbbbbb30bFdbuoddni-qovihbufjij,bdyibunohdfgrbsfmi-jizag;
bbbbbbbbbbImibnagrbdyigbsmazbyaddihdbyodmijbz.hdbhqamj-qmody
bbbbbbbbbbOmfhibsambobqazog'hby.huogjbogjbsodyimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibzfrydxbqom-hlfmfd[1]bigj.mijbsambobhiohag,

{DyibZaghdimbRmigjinbfhbzojnxbigvfa.hbasbdyibJogizig'hb axp}

bbbbbbbbbbUamibfdbufddimnx,byibqyabufjijbfgbjomkgihh,
bbbbbbb35bDyodbnfryd-yiomdijbno.rydimbna.jbfgbdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbRmiidijbyfzbjofnx;bdyimibqohbj.ncidbyoml-z.hfc,
bbbbbbbbbbCniombhagrbasbdyibhfgrimpbYibhofjbdyodbqohbouni

{[Dyibca.mhibasbdyibhdamxbfhbfgdimm.ldijbuxbobhyamdbmisimigcibdabhazibanj
occa.gdbasbdyibcmiodfagp]}

bbbbbbbbbbDabdinnbsmazbasbanjbiomdyzig'hbuirfggfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbSodyimbOnzfrydxbiomdybyojbcmiodij,
bbbbbbb40bDyibqfghazibqanjbdyodbdyibqodimbigcfmcnidy,
bbbbbbbbbbHidbie.ndfgrnxbdyibh.g'hbogjbdyibzaag'hbuiozh
bbbbbbbbbbDabnovfhybdyifmbn.hdmibagbnogj-sankbogjbmocih,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbiomdybYibizuinnfhyijbfgbonnbyimbmirfagh
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybnfzuhbogjbniovih;bnfsibYibuihdaqijbdaa
bbbbbbb45bAgbonnbdyibkfgjmijhbdyodbnfvib.gjimbyiovigp

{Dyibrniibasbdyibqommfamhbfhbavimcohdbuxbobyammfunibjmiojp}

bbbbbbbbbbHabunihhijbqfdybou.gjogci,bumfzzfgrbqfdyb axogci,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqommfamhboufjij,bdfnnbobcimdofgbagibrogbda
bbbbbbbbbbJarbdyizbqfdybjiijhbasbjfmis.nnihdbzonfci,
bbbbbbbbbbObsaibfgbdyibyonn-u.fnjfgr:bdyfhbyammfunibhdmogrim[2]
bbbbbbb50bQohbRmigjinbigdfdnij,bdyibzomcy-hdillimbsoza.h
bbbbbbbbbbQya[3]bjqindbfgbdyibzaam-sigh,bdyibzomhybogjbdyibsohdgihh;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqog-zaajijbuifgrbouajibsambobhiohag
[5]bbbbbbbFgbdyibnogjbasbdyibrfogdh,bqyigbdyibNamjbogjbCmiodam
bbbbbbbbbbYojbuoggijbyfzbogjbumogjijpbSambdyodbufddimbz.mjim,
bbbbbbb55bDyibkfnnfgrbasbOuin,bonn-m.nfgrbSodyim

{CofgbfhbmisimmijbdabohboblmarigfdambasbRmigjin,bogjbasbzaghdimhbfg
rigimonp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibkfgjmijbasbCofgbcm.hyijbqfdybYfhbvigriogci;
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibsi.jbYibmi afcijbgad,bu.dbsomboqoxbjmavibyfz
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbkfgjmijbogjbkfgj,bdyodbcmfzibdabodagibsam,
bbbbbbbbbbZidimbasb .hdfcipbDyigcibfnn-sovamijbcmiod.mih,
bbbbbbb60bInvihbogjbrfogdh,bzaghdimhbasbaciog,
bbbbbbbbbbCozibfgdabuifgr,bogjbdyibrfogdhbdyodbnagrdfzi
bbbbbbbbbbRmollnijbqfdybRaj;bYibrovibdyizbmiw.fdonp

bbbb[1]bMpbogjbdpbUpblmisimb'innam-ræhd'bdab'innig-ræhd'b(86):b_Dyigbdyi
bbbbhdmogrimbsmazbosombigj.mij,bidcp_

bbbb[2]bHazibo.dyamfdfihbqa.njbdmoghnodib'_jizag_'bfghdiojbas
bbbb'_hdmogrim_p'

bbbb[3]bHazibo.dyamfdfihbommogribjfssimigdnx,bogjbmigjim:b_Qyabjqindbfg
bbbbdyibzaam-sigh,bdyibzomhybogjbdyibsohdgihh,bdyibnogjbasbdyi
bbbbrfogd-mocip_




FFFp

RMIGJINbDYIbZ.MJIMIMp


{Rmigjinboddockhbdyibhniilfgrbyimaih}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibh.gbqohbh.gkig,byibhidba.dbdabvfhfd
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnasdxbyonn-u.fnjfgr,byaqbdyibMfgr-Jogihbyojb.hijbfd
bbbbbbbbbbSambuijhbogjbuigcyihbqyigbdyibuogw.idbqohbavimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyibsa.gjbdyimibmilahfgrbzogxbobgauni
bbbbbbbb5bOhniilbosdimbh.llim;bhammaqbdyibyimaih,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbZfhimxbkgiqbgadpbDyibzaghdimbasbivfn
bbbbbbbbbbRmiijxbogjbcm.inbdommfijbu.dbnfddni,

{Yibjmorhbassbdyfmdxbasbdyiz,bogjbjiva.mhbdyiz}

bbbbbbbbbbSinnbogjbsmogdfc,bogjbsamcijbsmazbdyifmbhn.zuimh
bbbbbbbbbbDyfmdxbasbdyogizig;bdyigcibyibjilomdij
bbbbbbb10bNiolfgrbogjbno.ryfgr,byfhbnofmbdabmid.mgbda,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybh.msifdbasbhno.rydimbhonnxfgrbyaziqomjp
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibj.hkbasbdyibjoqgfgr,bohbdyibjoxbqohb .hdbumiokfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQohbRmigjin'hblmaqihhbmivionijbdabdyibqommfamh:

{Obcmxbasboragxbraihb.l,bqyigbRmigjin'hbyammfunibjiijbfhbs.nnxbmionftijp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyig,byfhbzion-dokfgrbsfgfhyij,bobzaogbqohb.lnfsdij,
bbbbbbb15bZamgfgr-cmxbzfrydxpbDyibzog-m.nimbsoza.h,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnagr-qamdyxbodyinfgr,bhodbvimxbqas.n,
bbbbbbbbbbH.ssimijbrmiodbhammaq,bhfryijbsambyfhbnfirizig,
[6]bbbbbbbQyigbdyixbyojbhiigbdyibdmockbasbdyibyodis.nbl.mh.im,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhlfmfdbocc.mhèj:bdaabcm.hyfgrbdyodbhammaq,

{Dyibzaghdimbmid.mghbdyibgiedbgfrydp}

bbbbbbb20bDaabnaodyhazibogjbnohdfgrpbGadbnagrimbyibdommfij,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbagibgfrydbosdimbcagdfg.ijbyfhbhno.rydim
bbbbbbbbbbHyozinihhbogjbhyackfgr,bhymfgkfgrbu.dbnfddni
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbzonfcibogjbz.mjim;bdyixbzohdimijbyfzbs.nnxp
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbiohxbdabsfgjbdyigbqyabadyimqyimibnaakijbsam
bbbbbbb25bOblniohogdimblnocibasbmilahibfgbdyibnajrih,
bbbbbbbbbbObuijbfgbdyibuaqimhpbDyigbqohbuma.rydbdabyfhbgadfci
bbbbbbbbbbDanjbyfzbdm.nxbuxbdakigbollomigd
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyonn-dyogi'hbyodmij:byibyinjbyfzhinsbosdim
bbbbbbbbbbS.mdyimbogjbsohdimbqyabdyibsaizogbjfjbuossnip
bbbbbbb30b[2]Habm.nijbyibogjbhdmagrnxbhdmaviborofghdb .hdfci
bbbbbbbbbbNagiborofghdbonnbzig,bdfnnbizldxb.ldaqimij

{KfgrbYmadyrom'hboragxbogjbh.hlighibnohdbdqinvibxiomhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibcyafcihdbasbya.hihpbNagrbqohbdyibhiohag:
bbbbbbbbbbDqinvi-qfgdimh'bdfzibdamd.mibh.ssimij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,bivimxbossnfcdfag,
bbbbbbb35bIgjnihhboragx;byigcibfdbosdim[3]buicozi
bbbbbbbbbbCimdofgnxbkgaqgbdabdyibcyfnjmigbasbzig
bbbbbbbbbbHojnxbfgbzioh.mih,bdyodbnagrborofghdbYmadyrom
bbbbbbbbbbRmigjinbhdm.rrnij:--yfhbrm.jrihbyibcyimfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbZ.mjima.hbzonfci,bzogxbobqfgdim,
bbbbbbb40bHdmfsib.gmizfddfgr,bogjbliocis.nnxbqfhyijbyi
bbbbbbbbbb[4]Nfsi-qaibdabnfsdbsmazbgabnfirizogbodbonnbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzigbasbdyibJogi-sank,bsambzagixbdabhiddni,
bbbbbbbbbbGabca.ghinnambgiijijbca.gdbsambobzazigd
[7]bbbbbbbAgbyogjhazibozigjhbodbdyibyogjhbasbdyibz.mjimim;

{Rmigjinbfhb.gmizfddfgrbfgbyfhblimhic.dfaghp}

bbbbbbb45bDyibzaghdimbasbivfnbsfimcinxbjfjbyomohh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibfnn-lnoggfgrbjiody-hyoji,buadybinjimbogjbxa.grim,
bbbbbbbbbbDmollfgrbogjbdmfckfgrbdyizpbYibdmajbivimxbgfrydbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzfhd-cavimijbzaam-sigh;bzigbjabgadbkgaqbqyimi
bbbbbbbbbbQfdcyihbogjbqftomjhbqogjimbogjbmozunip
bbbbbbb50bHabdyibsaibasbzogkfgjbzogxbasbivfnh
bbbbbbbbbbRmfiva.hbfg .mfih,basdigboccazlnfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbYammfunibyimzfd;bYiamdbyibsmiw.igdij,
bbbbbbbbbbRiz-uijickijblonoci,bqyigbgfryd-hyojihbyojbsonnig

{Rajbfhborofghdbdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbb(HfgcibRajbjfjballahibyfz,bgadbdyibdymagibca.njbyibda.cy,[5]
bbbbbbb55bDyibnfryd-snohyfgrb iqin,bnavibasbYfzbkgiqbgad)p
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbobsioms.nbossnfcdfagbdabdyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh

{Dyibkfgrbogjbyfhbca.gcfnbjinfuimodibfgbvofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbHa.n-cm.hyfgrbhammaqpbGadbhinjazbfgblmfvodi
bbbbbbbbbbHodbdyibkfgrbfgbyfhbca.gcfn;bcagsimigcibyinjbdyix
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbdyibumovihbhya.njbjidimzfgib'rofghdbdimmamhb.gnaakijbsamp

{Dyixbfgvakibdyibofjbasbdyifmbrajhp}

bbbbbbb60bOdbdyibhymfgihbasbdyifmbfjanhbasdigbdyixblmazfhij
bbbbbbbbbbRfsdhbogjbassimfgrh,biomgihdnxblmoxijbdyix
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjivfnbsmazbyinnbqa.njbyinlbdyizbdabnfrydig
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmblialni'hballmihhfagpbH.cyblmocdfcibdyixb.hijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbYalibasbdyibyiodyig;byinnbdyixbmizizuimij
bbbbbbb65bFgbfggimzahdbhlfmfd,bRajbdyixbkgiqbgad,

{Dyibdm.ibRajbdyixbjabgadbkgaqp}

bbbbbbbbbb .jribasbdyifmbocdfagh,bOnn-qfinjfgrbM.nim,
bbbbbbbbbbGablmofhibca.njbdyixbrfvibdyibR.omjfogbasbYiovig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibQfinjimbasbRnamxpbQaibqfnnbuibyfhbqya
bbbbbbbbbbDyma.rybs.mfa.hbyodmijbyfhbhlfmfdbhyonnbjmfvibda
bbbbbbb70bDyibcn.dcybasbdyibsfmi,bgabcazsamdbhyonnbnaakbsam,
bbbbbbbbbbQoebgabqfhim;bqinnbsambdyibzogbqya,
bbbbbbbbbbNfvfgrbyfhbnfsi-joxh,byfhbNamjbzoxbsoci
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbsfgjbjisigcibfgbyfhbSodyim'hbizumoci!

bbbb[1]bDyibdmoghnodfagbfhbuohijbagb'qimoh,'bojaldijbuxbYp-Hap--KpbogjbDyp
bbbbmiojb'qimo'bogj,bommogrfgrbjfssimigdnx,bmigjimb119(2)-120:b_Dyixbkgiq
bbbbgadbhammaq,bdyibqmidcyijgihhbasbzog,bo.rydbasbzfhsamd.gi_p--Sam
bbbb'.gyæna'b(120)bMpbh.rrihdhb'.gsæna':b_Dyib.gcoggxbcmiod.mi,brmiijxbogj
bbbbcm.in,bidc_p

bbbb[2]bHpbmiommogrihbogjbdmoghnodih:b_Habyibm.nijbogjbhdm.rrnijb.g .hdnx,
bbbbagiborofghdbonn,bdfnnbdyibgaunihdbasbu.fnjfgrhbhdaajb.hinihhb(fdbqohbo
bbbbnagrbqyfni)bdqinvibxiomh'bdfzi:bdyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrhbh.ssimij
bbbbjfhdmihh,bivimxbqai,brmiodbhammaqh,bidc_p

bbbb[3]bSamb'hxððog,'bUpbh.rrihdhb'hámcqfj.z':b_Yigcibfgbza.mgs.nbqamjhbfd
bbbbuicozibqinnbkgaqg,bidc_pbVomfa.hbadyimbqamjhbuirfggfgrbqfdyb'h'byovi
bbbbuiigbcag icd.mijp

bbbb[4]bDyibYp-Hapbrnahhomxbfhbvimxbfgcaghfhdigdbfgbmisimmfgrbdabdyfh
bbbblohhorip--'Hfuui'b(154),bqyfcybYp-Hapbmiromjhbohbogbfghdmp,bUpbdokih
bbbbohbocc.hp,bau pbasb'qanjip'bL.ddfgrbobcazzobosdimbJigfro,byibmigjimh:
bbbb_YibjfjbgadbjihfmibliocibqfdybogxbasbdyibJogih,bgambjfjbyibqfhybda
bbbbmizavibdyifmbnfsi-qai,bgambdabhiddnibsambzagix_p

bbbb[5]bAsbdyfhbjfssfc.ndblohhoribdyibsannaqfgrbfgdimlmidodfaghbozagr
bbbbadyimhbomibrfvig:b(1)bDya.rybRmigjinbyohbsmiw.igdijbYiamadbohbobjizag,
bbbbyibca.njbgadbuicazibm.nimbasbdyibJogih,bagbocca.gdbasbyfhbyahdfnfdxbda
bbbbRajpb(2)bYmadyrombqohbz.cybrmfivijbdyodbRmigjinbyojbgadbolliomij
bbbbuisamibyfhbdymagibdabmicifviblmihigdhpb(3)bYibqohbgadblimzfddijbda
bbbbjivohdodibdyibyonn,bagbocca.gdbasbdyibCmiodam;b_fpip_bRajbqfhyijbda
bbbbzokibyfhbvfhfdbsodonbdabyfzp--Gibpppbqfhhib(169)bQpbmigjimh:b_Gambyoj
bbbbyibogxbjihfmibdabjabha_;b'yfh'buifgrbau pbrigpb=bjogocyp

[8]




FVp

UIAQ.NSbRAIHbDAbYMADYROM'HbOHHFHDOGCIp


{Ymadyrombhiihbgabqoxbasbihcolibsmazbdyiblimhic.dfaghbasbRmigjinp}

bbbbbbbbbbHabYionsjigi'hbkfghzogbcaghdogdnxbz.hijbag
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnagr-nohdfgrbhammaq;bdyibuoddni-dyogibcnivim
bbbbbbbbbbQohbgadbogxqfhibounibivfnhbdab'hcolibsmaz:
bbbbbbbbbbDaabcm.hyfgrbdyibhammaqbdyodbcozibdabdyiblialni,
bbbbbbbb5bNaodyhazibogjbnohdfgrbdyibnfsi-rmfgjfgrbdamd.mi,

{Uiaq.ns,bdyibRiod,byimabasbdyiblaiz,byiomhbasbYmadyrom'hbhammaq,bogj
mihanvihbdabrabdabyfhbohhfhdogcip}

bbbbbbbbbbRmiodihdbasbgfryd-qaihpbHabYfrinoc'hbnfirizog,
bbbbbbbbbbRaajbozfjbRiodzig,basbRmigjin'hbocyfivizigdh
bbbbbbbbbbYiomjbfgbyfhbyazi:[1]basbyimaihbdyigbnfvfgr
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbhda.dihdbogjbhdmagrihd,bhd.mjxbogjbgaunip
bbbbbbb10bYibuojibdyizblmilomibyfzbobuomkbdyodbqohbdm.hdx;
bbbbbbbbbbYibhofjbyibdyibqom-kfgrbqa.njbhiikba'imbdyibaciog,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsank-niojimbgauni,bhfgcibyibgiijijbmidofgimhp
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyiblimfna.hblma icdblm.jigdbcazlogfagh
bbbbbbbbbbCyfjijbyfzbnfddni,bdya.rybnavfgrbyfzbjiomnx;
bbbbbbb15bDyixbirrijbdyibumovibodyinfgr,bo.r.mijbyfzbrnamxp

{Qfdybsa.mdiigbcomis.nnxbcyahigbcazlogfagh,byibhidhba.dbsambJogi-nogjp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibiecinnigdbkgfrydbsmazbdyibsankbasbdyibRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbYojbnfirizigbhinicdij,bnfkihdbdablmavibdyiz
bbbbbbbbbbDm.hdqamdyxbqommfamh;bqfdybsa.mdiigbcazlogfagh
bbbbbbbbbbDyibvihhinbyibnaakijbsam;bobnfirizogbdyigbhyaqijbdyiz,
bbbbbbb20bObhio-cmosdxbzog,bdyibua.gjhbasbdyibca.gdmxp
bbbbbbbbbbSohdbdyibjoxhbsniidij;bdyibsnaodbqohbo-qodim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcmosdbuxbdyibcnfsspbCnazubdabdyiblmaqbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbQinn-iw.fllijbqommfamh:bdyibqovi-c.mmigdhbdqfhdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhiobagbdyibhogj;bhanjfimhbdyigbcommfij
bbbbbbb25bAgbdyibumiohdbasbdyibvihhinbumfryd-hyfgfgrb iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbYogjhazibqom-omzam;byimaihba.dhyavijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbQomzigbdyibqaaj-hyfl,bagbfdhbqfhyij-sambojvigd.mip

[9]

{Dyibvihhinbhofnhbnfkibobufmj}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsaozx-gickijbsnaodimbsoggijbuxbdyibumiiti,
bbbbbbbbbbNfkihdbobufmj,brnfjijbdyibqodimh,

{Fgbdqigdxbsa.mbya.mhbdyixbmiocybdyibhyamihbasbYmadyrom'hbjazfgfagh}

bbbbbbb30bDfnnbdqigdxbogjbsa.mbya.mhbdyimiosdim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdqfhd-hdizzijbvihhinbyojbdmovinijbh.cybjfhdogci
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibhofnfgr-zigbhoqbdyibhnalfgrbizuogkzigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhiobcnfsshbrniozfgr,blmicflfda.hbza.gdofgh,
bbbbbbbbbbGihhihbigamza.h:bdyixbqimibgiomfgrbdyibnfzfdh
bbbbbbb35bOdbdyibigjbasbdyibaciogp[2]b.lbdyigcibw.fcknx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzigbasbdyibQijimhbcnazubdabdyibzofgnogj,
bbbbbbbbbbSohdigijbdyifmbvihhinb(uoddnibqiijhbmoddnij,
bbbbbbbbbbQombu.mgfihbcnoddimij),bdyibQfinjimbdyixbdyogkij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibqoxhba'imbdyibqodimhbyojbqoeigbhabrigdnip

{DyixbomibyofnijbuxbdyibJogfhybcaohdbr.omj}

bbbbbbb40bDyigbqinnbsmazbdyibcnfssbijribdyibr.omjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh
bbbbbbbbbbQyabdyibhio-cnfsshbhya.njbhiibda,bhoqba'imbdyibrogrqox
bbbbbbbbbbUmovibagihbuiomfgrbuio.dia.hbdomridh,
bbbbbbbbbbOmzambonnbmiojx,bogefa.hnxbdya.rydbyi,
bbbbbbbbbbZ.hfgrbogjbqagjimfgrbqyodbzigbqimibollmaocyfgrp
bbbbbbb45bYfrybagbyfhbyamhibdyigbYmadyrom'hbmidofgim
bbbbbbbbbbD.mgijbyfzbdabcaohdqomj,bzfrydfnxbumogjfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnogcibfgbyfhbyogjh,bw.ihdfagijbqfdybuanjgihhp

{Yfhbcyonnigri}

bbbbbbbbbb"Qyabomibxibzigbyimi,bzofn-cavimijbqommfamh
bbbbbbbbbbCnojbfgbxa.mbcamhnidh,bcazibdy.hbo-jmfvfgr
bbbbbbb50bObyfrybmfjfgrbhyflba'imbdyibhyaonhbasbdyibqodimh,
bbbbbbbbbb[3]Ogjbyfdyimb'giodybyinzidhbyovibyfijba'imbdyibaciog?
[10]bbbbbbFbyovibuiigbhdmogj-r.omj,bhdogjfgrbohbqomjig,
bbbbbbbbbbNihdbigizfihbivimbogxqfhibmovori
bbbbbbbbbbJogfhybjazfgfaghbqfdybomzxbasbqom-hyflhp
bbbbbbb55bZamibuanjnxbgivimbyovibqommfamhbvigd.mij
bbbbbbbbbbYfdyimbdabcazi;basbkfghzig'hbollmavon,
bbbbbbbbbbQamj-niovibasbqommfamh,bFbqiigbdyodbxibh.minx

{Yibfhbhdm.ckbuxbUiaq.ns'hbolliomogcip}

bbbbbbbbbbGadyfgrbyovibkgaqgpbGivimbobrmiodimbagi
bbbbbbbbbbAsbiomnhba'imbdyibiomdybyovib_F_byojbobhfrydbas
bbbbbbb60bDyogbfhbagibasbxa.mbg.zuim,bobyimabfgbomzam;
bbbbbbbbbbGabnaq-mogkfgrbsinnaq[4]bojamgijbqfdybyfhbqiolagh,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbno.gcyfgrbdyizbnfddni,b.gnihhbnaakhbomibjicifvfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhdmfkfgrbolliomogcipbImibxiblohhbagbxa.mb a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbOhbdmiocyima.hbhlfihbdabdyibnogjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh
bbbbbbb65bOgjbsomdyimbsomi,bFbs.nnxbz.hdbkgaqbgaq
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbmocibxibuinagrbdapbXibsom-oqoxbjqinnimh,
bbbbbbbbbbHio-somfgrbhofnamh,bzxbhfzlnibalfgfag
bbbbbbbbbbYiombxibogjbyiomkig:byohdibfhbzahdbsfddfgr
bbbbbbbbbbLnofgnxbdabdinnbzibqyodblnocibxibomibcazibsmazp"

bbbb[1]b'Smazbyáz'b(194)bfhbz.cybjfhl.dijpbAgibmigjimfgrbfh:b_Uiaq.ns,
bbbbuifgrboqoxbsmazbyazi,byiomjbasbYmadyrom'hbdma.unih,bidc_pbOgadyim,
bbbbdyodbojaldijbuxbHpbogjbigjamhijbfgbdyibYp-Hapbgadih,bfh:b_Upbyiomj
bbbbsmazbyfhbgifryuamyaajb(gifryuamh),_bfpipb_fgbyfhbyazi,bidc_pbObdyfmj
bbbbfh:b_Up,buifgrbodbyazi,byiomjbdyfhbohbacc.mmfgrboqoxbsmazbyazi_pbDyi
bbbbYp-Hapbrnahhomxbogjbgadihbcagsnfcdp

bbbb[2]b'Ianidih'b(224)bfhbzomkijbqfdybob(?)buxbYp-Hap;ba.mbmigjimfgr
bbbbhfzlnxbsannaqhbyfhbcag icd.mip--Adyimbcag icd.mihbohbdab'ianid'bomi:
bbbb(1)b_vaxori_,b(2)b_dafn_,b_nouam_,b(3)b_yohdxb a.mgix_p

bbbb[3]bDyibnoc.gobasbdyibZHbodbdyfhblafgdbyohbuiigbh.llnfijbuxbvomfa.h
bbbbcag icd.mihpbDyibmiojfgrbojaldijbuxbYp-Hapbyohbuiigbmigjimijbfgbdyi
bbbbouavibdmoghnodfagpbQp,bnfkibYp-Hap,bzokihb'fc'bdyibuirfggfgrbasbobgiq
bbbbhigdigci,bu.d,bsamb'yinzohbuæmag,'byibmiojhb'ymfgrijbhdisgogp'bDyfh
bbbbyohbdyibojvogdoribasbrfvfgrboblomonninbdab'umagdgibcian'bfghdiojbasbo
bbbbkiggfgrbsamb'rap'--Ubl.dhbdyib(?)bosdimb'yanzoh',bogjbuirfghbobgiq
bbbbhigdigcibodbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibnfgipbDmoghnodi:b_Qyodbqommfamhbomibxi,
bbbbcnojbfgbomzam,bqyabyovibdy.hbcazibumfgrfgrbdyibsaozfgrbvihhinbavimbdyi
bbbbqodimbqox,byfdyimbavimbdyibhioh?bSambhazibdfzibagbdyibqonnbFbyovibuiig
bbbbcaohdbr.omj,bidc_pbHpbigjamhihbzahdbasbqyodbUpbhoxh,bu.dbniovihba.d
bbbb'agbdyibqonn'bfgbdyibnohdbhigdigcipbFsbQp'hb'ymfgrijbhdisgog'bui
bbbboccildij,bcyogribnfgib51bouavibda,b_Obmfgr-hdizzijbvihhinbyfdyim
bbbba'imhio_p

bbbb[4]b'Hinj-r.zo'b(249)bfhbvomfa.hnxbmigjimij:b(1)b_ya.hicomni_;b(2)
bbbb_yazi-hdoxim_;b(3)b_cazzagbzog_pbJmpbYpbQaajbh.rrihdhb_obzog-od-omzh
bbbbfgbogadyim'hbya.hi_p




Vp

DYIbRIODHbMIOCYbYIAMADp


{Uiaq.nsbca.mdia.hnxbmilnfihp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibcyfisbasbdyibhdmogrimhbmigjimijbyfzboghqim,
bbbbbbbbbbQom-dmaalimh'bniojim,bogjbqamj-dmioh.mibaligij:

{QibomibRiodhp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Qibomibhlm.grbsmazbdyibnfgioribasbdyiblialnibasbRiodnogj,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbYfrinoc'hbyiomdy-smfigjhpbDabyimaihb.gg.zuimij

{ZxbsodyimbIcrdyiaqbqohbqinn-kgaqgbfgbyfhbjoxp}

bbbbbbbb5bZxbsodyimbqohbkgaqg,bobgaunibyioj-qommfam
bbbbbbbbbbIcrdyiaqbdfdnij;bzogxbobqfgdim
bbbbbbbbbbYibnfvijbqfdybdyiblialni,bimibyiblohhijbagbyfhb a.mgix,
bbbbbbbbbbAnjbsmazbyfhbjqinnfgr;biocybasbdyibca.ghinnamh
bbbbbbbbbbQfjinxbzfjbqamnj-sankbqinnbmizizuimhbyfzp

{A.mbfgdigdfaghbdaqomjhbKfgrbYmadyrombomibasbdyibkfgjihdp}

bbbbbbb10bQi,bkfgjnxbasbhlfmfd,bdyibnamjbasbdyxblialni,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagbasbKfgrbYionsjigi,byovibcazibyimibdabvfhfd,
[11]bbbbbbSank-dmaal'hbjisigjim:buibsmiibfgbdyxbca.ghinh!
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibgaunibagibuiombqibobqifrydxbcazzfhhfag,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyinzbasbdyibJogizig;bqibhyonnbyfji,bFbqiig,

{Fhbfdbdm.ibdyodbobzaghdimbfhbhnoxfgrbJogfhybyimaih?}

bbbbbbb15bGo.rydbasba.mbzihhoripbDya.bkgaq'hdbfsbfdbyollig,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbqibhaadynxbyiomjbhox,bdyodbhazibhovoribjihlafnim,
bbbbbbbbbbHazibyfjjigbl.mh.im,bagbgfrydhbdyodbomibz.mkx
bbbbbbbbbbUxbjiijhbvimxbjfmis.nb'zfjbdyibJogizigbieyfufdh
bbbbbbbbbbYodmijb.gyiomjbas,byammfjbjihdm.cdfag
bbbbbbb20bOgjbdyibsonnfgrbasbjiojpbSmazbsiinfgrhbniohdbhinsfhy

{Fbcogbyinlbxa.mbkfgrbdabsmiibyfzhinsbsmazbdyfhbyammfunibcmiod.mip}

bbbbbbbbbbFbozbounibdabmigjimbca.ghinbdabYmadyrom,
bbbbbbbbbbYaqbyi,bqfhibogjbqamdyx,bzoxbqamhdbdyibjihdmaxim,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbdyibogr.fhybasbhammaqbhya.njbivimbuibnihhigij,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbCazsamdbcazibdabyfz,bogjbcomi-qovihbrmaqbcaanim,
bbbbbbb25bAmbivimbyimiosdimbyiboragxbh.ssim
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdma.una.hbjfhdmihh,bqyfnibdaqimidyb.lqomj
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyogjhazihdbasbya.hihbyfrybagbdyibh.zzfdp"

{Dyibcaohd-r.omjbmizfgjhbUiaq.nsbdyodbfdbfhbiohfimbdabhoxbdyogbdabjap}

bbbbbbbbbbUihdmfjfgrbyfhbhdonnfag,bdyibhdmogj-qodcyzogboghqimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibja.rydxbmidofgim:b"Dyibjfssimigcibh.minx
bbbbbbb30b'Dqfedbqamjhbogjbqamkh,bdyibqomnfkibhyfinj-uiomim
bbbbbbbbbbQyab .jridybqfhinxbqinnbhyonnbjidimzfgip
bbbbbbbbbbDyfhbuogj,bFbyiom,buiomidybgabzonfci

{Fbozbhodfhsfijbasbxa.mbraajbfgdigdfagh,bogjbhyonnbniojbxa.bdabdyi
lonocip}

bbbbbbbbbbDabdyiblmfgcibasbdyibHcxnjfgrhpbLohhbxibdyigbagqomj
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqiolaghbogjbomzampbFbhyonnbniojbxa.bfgblimhag;
bbbbbbb35bDabzxbqom-dm.hdxbvohhonhbcazzogjbFbhyonnbfhh.i
bbbbbbbbbbDabkiilbsmazbonnbfg .mxbxa.mbiecinnigdbvihhin,

{Xa.mbuaodbhyonnbuibqinnbcomijbsambj.mfgrbxa.mbhdoxbyimip}

bbbbbbbbbbXa.mbsmihy-dommijbcmosd,b'rofghdbivimxballahim
bbbbbbbbbbCnahibuxbdyibhio-hyami,bdfnnbdyibc.mvij-gickèjbuomkbhyonn
bbbbbbbbbbQosdbuockborofgbdyibqinn-uinavijbyima
bbbbbbb40bA'imbdyibqoxbasbdyibqodimbdabQijimbjazfgfaghp

{YiborofgbcazlnfzigdhbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabqommfambhabrmiodb'dqfnnbuibrmogdijbh.mi
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibhdamzbasbhdmfsibdabhdogjbhic.mip"
bbbbbbbbbbAgqomjbdyixbsomijbdyigb(dyibvihhinbnoxbw.fid,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumaoj-uahazijbuomkbqohbua.gjbuxbfdhbcouni,
[12]bbb45bSfmznxbodbogcyam);bdyibuaom-hfrghbrnfhdigij[2]
bbbbbbbbbbUmfrydbagbdyibvfhamhbvfvfjbqfdybrfnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbUnoti-yomjigij,bumfnnfogd;bdyibuaombocdijbqomjigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyimaihbyohdigij,by.mmfijbdyibnfirizig,

{Dyibnogjbfhblimyolhbmannfgrp}

bbbbbbbbbbJihcigjijbdaridyim,bdfnnbdyixbhoqbdyibrmiodblonoci,
bbbbbbb50bDyibqinn-sohyfagijbqohhofn-yonnbqagjma.hbogjbrniozfgr:

{Yiamadbsnohyihbagbdyifmbvfiqp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Zfjbqamnj-sankbogjbkfgjmijhbdyodbqohbqfjihdbmil.dij
bbbbbbbbbbAsbyonnhb.gjimbyiovigbqyfcybdyibyimabouajibfg;
bbbbbbbbbbFdhbn.hdmibignfrydigijbnogjhbqfdya.dbg.zuimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibuoddni-umovibyimabhyaqijbdyizbdyibrnfddimfgr
bbbbbbb55bCa.mdbasbdyibuanjbagih,bdyodbdyixbiohfnxbdyfdyim
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydbsomibagbdyifmb a.mgix;bdyibosamizigdfagijbqommfam
bbbbbbbbbbD.mgfgrbyfhbca.mhim,bw.adybohbyibnisdbdyiz:

{Dyibcaohd-r.omj,byovfgrbjfhcyomrijbyfhbj.dx,bufjhbdyizbRaj-hliijp}

bbbbbbbbbb"'DfhbdfzibFbqimibsomfgr;bSodyimbOnzfrydx
bbbbbbbbbbRmogdbxa.bYfhbrmoci,bogjbrfvibxa.bdab a.mgix
bbbbbbb60bHosibagbxa.mbzfhhfag!bDabdyibhiobFbqfnnbridbzi
bbbbbbbbbb'Rofghdbyahdfnibqommfamhbohbqomjigbdabhdogjp"

bbbb[1]b'Ijqigjog'b(280)bUpbdokihbdabuibdyibh.uhpb'ijqigjig'b(cspb1775);
bbbbogjb'ufhfr.'byibdokihbohbrigpbhfgrp,bnfzfdfgrb'ijqigjig':b_Fs
bbbbmilomodfagbsambhammaqhbfhbivimbdabcazi_pbDyfhbfhbh.llamdijbuxbdpUp

bbbb[2]bCazufgfgrbdyibizigjodfaghbasbUpbogjbdpUp,bqibzoxbmioj:b_Dyi
bbbbuaom-fzorihbrnfhdigijbpppbumfnnfogd,blmadicdijbdyibnfsibasbdyi
bbbbqom-zaajijbzog_pbDyixbmiojb'simy-qiomji'b(305)bogjb'rúðzójr.zbzig'
bbbb(306)p




VFp

UIAQ.NSbFGDMAJ.CIHbYFZHINSbODbDYIbLONOCIp


bbbbbbbbbbDyibyfryqoxbrnfhdigijbqfdybzogx-y.ijbliuuni,
bbbbbbbbbbObux-lodybnijbdyibnfirizigbdaridyimp
bbbbbbbbbb[1]Sfmzbogjbyogj-nackijbdyibqom-u.mgfibrnfhdigij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmfgr-hqamjbmojfogdbmogrb'zfjbdyibomzam
bbbbbbbb5bOhbdyiblomdxbqohbollmaocyfgrbdyiblonocibdaridyim

{Dyixbhidbdyifmbomzhbogjbomzamborofghdbdyibqonnp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbqomnfkibiw.flzigdhpb'Rofghdbdyibqonnbasbdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbqfji-sohyfagijbqom-hyfinjhbdyixbqiomxbjfjbhidbdyig,
[13]bbbbbbUoddni-hyfinjhbhd.mjx;buigcyqomjbdyixbd.mgijbdyig;
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbuoddni-homkhbmoddnij,bdyibriombasbdyibyimaih;
bbbbbbb10bDyibnogcihbhdaajb.lbdyig,bonnbfgbobcn.hdim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibomzhbasbdyibhiozig,bohyig-hyosdhbza.gdij
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybijrihbasbfmag:bdyibomzam-cnojbdmaalimh

{ObJogfhybyimabohkhbdyizbqyigcibogjbqyxbdyixbomibcazip}

bbbbbbbbbbQimibjickijbqfdybqiolaghpbDyigboblma.j-zaajijbyima
bbbbbbbbbbOhkijbasbdyibcyozlfaghbw.ihdfaghbasbnfgiori:
bbbbbbb15b"Smazbqyodbuamjimhbuiombxibxa.mbuoddni-hyfinjhblnodij,
bbbbbbbbbbRfnjijbogjbrniozfgr,bxa.mbrmox-canamijbu.mgfih,
bbbbbbbbbbYinzidhbqfdybvfhamhbogjbyiolbasbqom-nogcih?--
bbbbbbbbbbDabYmadyrombdyibkfgrbFbozbhimvogdbogjbnfirizogp
bbbbbbbbbb'Zagrbsankbsmazbsom-nogjhbsa.gjbFbyovibgivim

{Yibielmihhihbgabnfddnibojzfmodfagbsambdyibhdmogrimhp}

bbbbbbb20bZigbhabzogxbasbzfigbzamibca.moria.hp
bbbbbbbbbbFbqiigbdyodbsmazbvonam,bgaqfhibohba.dnoqh,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbsmazbrmiodgihhbasbha.nbxibha.rydbsambKfgrbYmadyromp"

{Uiaq.nsbmilnfihp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibhdmigrdy-soza.hbiomnzogboghqimbmigjimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblma.j-zaajijbQijimcyfisbmilnfijbdabyfhbw.ihdfag,

{QibomibYfrinoc'hbdouni-cazlogfagh,bogjbuiombogbfzlamdogdbcazzfhhfagbda
xa.mblmfgcip}

bbbbbbb25bYomjxb'giodybyinzid:b"Yfrinoc'hbzodihbomibqi;
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbyfrydbFpbDabdyibuofmgbasbYionsjigi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsoza.hbsank-niojim,bFbsmiinxbqfnnbdinn
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyxblmfgcibzxbcazzfhhfag,bfsblniohogdnxbyiomfgr
bbbbbbbbbbYi'nnbrmogdbqibzoxbrmiidbyfzbhabrmocfa.hbdabonnbzigp"
bbbbbbb30bQ.nsrombmilnfijbdyigb(yibqohblmfgcibasbdyibQigjinh,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbuanjgihhbasbhlfmfdbqohbkgaqgb.gdabzogx,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhblmaqihhbogjblm.jigci):b"DyiblmfgcibasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,

{Q.nsrom,bdyibdyogi,bhoxhbdyodbyibqfnnbrabogjbohkbYmadyrombqyidyimbyibqfnn
hiibdyibhdmogrimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsmfigj-namjbasbJogizig,bFbqfnnbohkbasbdyxb a.mgix,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrfvimbasbmfgrh,bohbdya.b.mrihdbzibjabfd,
bbbbbbb35bDyibsank-cyfisbsoza.h,bogjbfgsamzbdyiibiomnx
bbbbbbbbbbQyodboghqimbdyibraajbagibzfgjidybdabmigjimbzip"
bbbbbbbbbbYibd.mgijbdyigby.mmfijnxbqyimibYmadyrombqohbhfddfgr,
bbbbbbbbbb[2]Anjbogjbyaomx,byfhbiomnzigboddigjfgrbyfz;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhdmigrdy-soza.hbqigdbdfnnbyibhdaajbodbdyibhya.njim
bbbbbbb40bAsbdyibnamjbasbdyibJogizig,basbca.mdia.hbdyogizig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibc.hdazbyibzfgjijpbQ.nsrombojjmihhijbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbsmfigjnxbnfirinamj:b"SankbasbdyibRiodzig

[14]

{Yibdyimi.lagb.mrihbyfhbnfirinamjbdabmicifvibdyibvfhfdamhbca.mdia.hnxp}

bbbbbbbbbbA'imbdyibqoxbasbdyibqodimhbomibqosdijbyfdyim,
bbbbbbbbbbSomfgrbsmazbsom-nogjh:bdyibsamizahdbfgbmogk
bbbbbbb45bDyibuoddni-cyozlfaghbUiaq.nsbdfdnip
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbzokibdyfhblidfdfag:bqfdybdyii,bAbzxbcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbDabuibrmogdijbobcagsimigci;bAbrmocfa.hbKfgrbYmadyrom,
bbbbbbbbbbSmfigjnxboghqimbmis.hibgadbdabrfvibdyiz!

{Ymadyrom,bdaa,bfhbhdm.ckbqfdybUiaq.ns'hbolliomogcip}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbqom-dmollfgrhbqiijijbqamdyxbdyixbhiiz
bbbbbbb50bAsbiomnhbdabuibyagamij;bh.mibdyibodyinfgrbfhbja.rydx
bbbbbbbbbbQyabyiojijbdyibyimaihbyfdyimqomjbcazfgrp"

bbbb[1]bFghdiojbasbdyibl.gcd.odfagbrfvigbuxbYp-Ha,bHpblmalahijbdabfghimdbo
bbbbcazzobosdimb'hcím'b(322),bogjbdabdokib'ymfgr-ímig'bohbziogfgr
bbbb'mfgr-zofn'bogjbohblomonninbqfdyb'rúð-uxmgip'bDyiblohhoribqa.njbdyig
bbbbmioj:b_Dyibsfmzbogjbyogj-nackijbqom-u.mgfibhyagi,bumfrydbmfgr-zofn,
bbbbmogrb'zfjbdyibomzam,bidc_p

bbbb[2]bRmpbogjbadyimhbdmoghnodib'.gyám'buxb'uonj';b_anjbogjbuonj_p




VFFp

YMADYROMbOGJbUIAQ.NSp


{YmadyrombmizizuimhbUiaq.nsbohbobxa.dy,bogjbonhabmizizuimhbyfhbsodyimp}

bbbbbbbbbbYmadyromboghqimij,byinzbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh:
bbbbbbbbbb"Fbmizizuimbdyfhbzogbohbdyibzimihdbasbhdmflnfgrhp
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbsodyimbnagrbjiojbgaqbqohbIcrdyiaqbdfdnij,
bbbbbbbbbbYfzbYmidyinbdyibRiodzogbrmogdijbodbyazibyfh
bbbbbbbb5bAgibagnxbjo.rydim;byfhbuoddni-umovibhag
bbbbbbbbbbFhbcazibu.dbgaq,bha.rydbobdm.hdqamdyxbsmfigjp
bbbbbbbbbbHiosomfgrbhofnamhbohhimdijbfdbdyig,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbmilamdijbdabyovibdyibhdmigrdybasbdyfmdxbzigp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyabvon.ounibrfsd-rizhbasbdyibRiodzig[1]bcommfij
bbbbbbbbbbOhblioci-assimfgrbdyfdyim,bdyodbyibdyfmdxbzig'hbrmollni
bbbbbbb10bYohbfgbyfhbyogj,bdyibyima-fg-uoddnip

{Rajbyodybhigdbyfzbdaba.mbmihc.ip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibyanxbCmiodamb.hqomjbhigdbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDabQihd-Jogibqommfamh,bFbqiig,bsambdabmigjim
bbbbbbbbbb'RofghdbRmigjin'hbrmfzgihhbrmocfa.hbohhfhdogci:
bbbbbbbbbbFbhyonnbrfvibdabdyibraajbagibrfsd-rizhbsambca.morip
bbbbbbb15bYohdigbdabufjbdyizbyfdyimbdabhliijbdyiz,[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDabhiibohhizunijbdyfhbcfmcnibasbkfghzig;
bbbbbbbbbbDinnbdyizbielmihhnxbdyix'mibqincazibfgbhaadybda
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzigbasbdyibJogihp"bDabdyibjaambasbdyibu.fnjfgr

[15]

{Q.nsrombfgvfdihbdyibhdmogrimhbfgp}

bbbbbbbbbbQ.nsrombqigdbdyig,bdyfhbqamj-zihhoribhya.dij:
bbbbbbb20b"Zxbvfcdamfa.hbnfirinamjbuojibzibdabdinnbxa.,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibIohd-Jogih'bodyinfgr,bdyodbxa.mbamfrfgbkgaqhbyi,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjba'imbqovi-ufnnaqhbqosdijbxibqincazibomibyfdyim,
bbbbbbbbbbVonfogdbasbhlfmfdpbXibhdmofrydqoxbzoxbigdim
bbbbbbbbbbCnojbfgbcamhnidh,bcohijbfgbxa.mbyinzidh,
bbbbbbb25bDabhiibKfgrbYmadyrompbYimibnidbxa.mbuoddni-uaomjh,
bbbbbbbbbbQaaj-hliomhbogjbqom-hyosdh,boqofdbxa.mbcagsimmfgrp"
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzfrydxbagibmahibdyig,bqfdybzogxbobnfirizog,
bbbbbbbbbbOgbiecinnigdbdyogi-rma.l;bhazibdyimibjfjboqofdbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbohbufjbasbdyibumovibagibdyibuoddni-riombr.omjijp
bbbbbbb30bDaridyimbdyixbyfijbdyiz,bqyfnibdyibyimabjfjbr.fjibdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbb'GiodybYiamad'hbmaas;bdyibyfry-zfgjijbqigdbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbHd.mjxb'giodybyinzidbdfnnbyibhdaajbfgbdyibu.fnjfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhlokib(yfhbu.mgfibjfjbrnfhdig,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbomzambhiozijbavimbuxbdyibomdbasbdyibcmosdhzog):

{Uiaq.nsbhon.dihbYmadyrom,bogjbdyigblmaciijhbdabuaohdbasbyfhbxa.dys.n
ocyfivizigdhp}

bbbbbbb35b"Yofnbdya.,bYmadyrom!bFbozbYfrinoc'hbkfghzog
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbvohhonbsamhaady;bzogxbobqagjim
bbbbbbbbbbFbjomijbohbobhdmflnfgrpbDyibjafgrhbasbRmigjin,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbsom-assbsodyimnogjbFbs.nnxbjfjbkgaqbas:
bbbbbbbbbbHio-somimhbdinnb.h,bdyfhbyonn-u.fnjfgrbhdogjidy,
bbbbbbb40bIecinnigdbijfsfci,bizldxbogjb.hinihh
bbbbbbbbbbDabonnbdyibiomnzigbosdimbivignfryd'hbrnfzzim
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybyiovig'hbumfrydby.ihbyodybyfjjigbfdhbrnamxp
bbbbbbbbbbDyfhbzxbiomnhbdyigb.mrijbzi,bdyibzahdbiecinnigdbasbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbComnihbvimxbcnivim,bdabcazibogjbohhfhdbdyii,
bbbbbbb45bSank-niojimbYmadyrom;bs.nnxbdyixbkgiqbas

{Yfhbsfrydbqfdybdyibgfckimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibhdmigrdybasbzxbuajxpbDyizhinvihbdyixbuiyinjbzi
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbFbcozibsmazbdyibcagdihd,bqyigbcavimijbqfdybrami
bbbbbbbbbbSaihbFbihcolijbsmaz,bqyimibsfvi[3]bFbyojbua.gj,
[16]bbbbbbDyibrfogd-mocibqohdij,bfgbdyibqodimhbjihdmaxfgr
bbbbbbb50bDyibgfckimhbuxbgfryd,buamibg.zuimnihhbhammaqh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibQijimhbovigrijb(qaihbyojbdyixbh.ssimij)
bbbbbbbbbbIgizfihbmovorij;bonagibgaqbqfdybRmigjin

{YibfgdigjhbdabsfrydbRmigjinb.gofjijp}

bbbbbbbbbbFbhyonnbzogoribdyibzoddim,bqfdybdyibzaghdimbasbivfn,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrfogd,bjicfjibfdpbDyiibFbqa.njbdyimisami
bbbbbbb55bUirbasbdyxbua.gdx,bUmfryd-Jogfhybcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbNamjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,bdyfhbhfgrniblidfdfag:
bbbbbbbbbbGadbdabmis.hibzi,bjisigjimbasbqommfamh,
bbbbbbbbbbSmfigj-namjbasbsankh,bhabsombyovibFbha.rydbdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodb_F_bzoxb.gofjij,bzxbiomnzigbohhfhdfgrbzi,
bbbbbbb60bDyfhbumovi-zaajijbqom-uogj,bl.mfsxbYiamadp
bbbbbbbbbbFbyovibyiomjbagbfgw.fmx,bdyibyammfunibcmiod.mi

{Hfgcibdyibzaghdimb.hihbgabqiolagh,}

bbbbbbbbbbSmazbvimfihdbmohygihhbmickhbgadbsambqiolagh;
bbbbbbbbbbFbdyfhbjabhcamgbdyig,bhabuibYfrinocbrmocfa.h,
bbbbbbbbbbZxbnfirinamjbuinavèj,bnigfigdbasbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbb65bDabuiombobunojibambobumaoj-sohyfagijbdomrid,
bbbbbbbbbbObhyfinjbdabdyibaghid;bagnxbqfdybyogj-rmfl

{F,bdaa,bhyonnbjfhjofgbdab.hibogxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsaibFbz.hdbrmollni,bsfrydbsambzxbnfsibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbSaizogbqfdybsaizog;byibsofgbz.hdbminxbag
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjaazbasbdyibNamjbqyazbjiodybnoxidybyanjbasp

{Hya.njbyibcm.hybzi,byibqfnnbiodbzxbcazlogfaghbohbyibyohbiodigbdyx
dyogihp}

bbbbbbb70bFbqiigbyibqfnnbqfhy,bfsbyibqfgbfgbdyibhdm.rrni,
bbbbbbbbbbDabiodbfgbdyibqom-yonnbiomnhbasbdyibRiod-sank,
bbbbbbbbbbUanjnxbdabhqonnaq[4]bdyiz,bohbasbxamibyibjfjbasdig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuihdbasbdyibYmidyzig!bDya.bgiijihdbgadbdma.uni
bbbbbbbbbbObyioj-qodcybdabrfvibzi;[5]byibqfnnbyovibzibjmfllfgr

[17]

{Fgbcohibasbzxbjisiod,bdya.bqfndbgadbyovibdyibdma.unibasbu.mxfgrbzip}

bbbbbbb75bOgjbjmiomxbqfdybrami,bfsbjiodybavimdokibzi,[6]
bbbbbbbbbbQfnnbuiombzibassbuniijfgr,bufdfgrbogjbza.dyfgrbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyimzfdbqfnnbiodbzi,byiijnihhbasblfdx,
bbbbbbbbbbZomkfgrbdyibzaam-sigh;bgabzamibqfndbdya.bgiijbdyig

{Hya.njbFbsonn,bhigjbzxbomzambdabzxbnamj,bKfgrbYfrinocp}

bbbbbbbbbbSfgjbzibzxbsaajp[7]bFsbFbsonnbfgbdyibuoddni,
bbbbbbb80bHigjbdabYfrinocbdyibomzambdyodbhimvidy
bbbbbbbbbbDabhyfinjbzxbuahaz,bdyibuihdbasbiw.flzigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbMfcyihdbasbmfgr-zofnh;b'dfhbdyibminfcbasbYmidyno,

{Qifmjbfhbh.lmizi}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqamkbasbQoxnogjpbRaihbQifmjbohbhyibz.hdbra!"

bbbb[1]bHazibmigjimb'rfs-hcioddoh'buxb'dmfu.dip'--'Réodo'bUpbogjbDyp
bbbbizigjijbdab'Réod.zp'bFsbdyfhbuiboccildij,bcyogrib'_as_bdyibRiodzig'bda
bbbb'_da_bdyibRiodzigp'

bbbb[2]bFsbdpUp'hbizigjodfagbasbvvpb386,b387buiboccildij,bdyibdqabnfgih,
bbbb'Yohdigbpppbkfghzig'bqfnnbmioj:b_Yohdigbdya.,bufjbdyibdymagrbas
bbbbkfghzigbrabfgdabdyibyonnbdaridyim_p

bbbb[3]bSamb420b(_u_)bogjb421b(_o_),bUpbh.rrihdh:bÞæmbfcb(ag)bsísinriuog
bbbbýðjibiadigobcxgb=b_qyimibFbfgbdyibaciogbjihdmaxijbdyi
bbbbiadig-moci_p--dpUpboccildhbUp'hb"umfnnfogd"b'sísinriuog,'bazfdhb'ag,'
bbbbizigjhb'cxg'bdab'yáz,'bommogrfgr:bÞæmbfcbsísinriuogbýðji,biadigobyázb=
bbbb_qyimibFbjihanodijbdyibaciog,bdyibyazibasbdyibiadigh_p--Dyfhbqa.njbui
bbbbuiddimbu.dbsambcyogrfgrb'cxg'bdab'yázp'--Fbh.rrihd:bÞæmbfcbsísinriuogj
bbbb(cspbgyjpbUogji)býðji,biadigobcxgb=b_qyimibFbcagw.imijbdyibzaghdim
bbbbuogj,bdyibmocibasbdyibiadigh_pbDyfhbzokihbgabcyogribiecildbdabmioj
bbbb'_sísin_'bsamb'_sísi_p'

bbbb[4]b'.gsamydi'b(444)bfhbz.cybjfhl.dijp--Yp-Hapbqovimhbuidqiigboj pbogj
bbbbojvpbRmpbogjbUpbdokibfdbohbogbojvpbzajfsxfgrb_idog:bQfnnbiodbdyibRiodh
bbbbsiomnihhnx_p--Knpbcaghfjimhbdyfhbmiojfgrbouh.mj,bogjblmalahih
bbbb'ogsamydi'b=bdfzfjp--.gjimhdogjfgrb'.gsamydi'bohbogboj pbyohbdyfh
bbbbojvogdori,bvftpbdyodbfdbrfvihboblomonninbdab'Riádigobnióji':bu.dbda
bbbbdokibfdbohbogbojvpbfhbzamibgod.monpbS.mdyimzami,bdabconnbdyibRiodh
bbbb'umovi'bzfryd,bodbdyfhblafgd,bhiizbnfkibogbfzlnfijbdym.hdbodbdyi
bbbbJogih,bhabnagrbyinlnihh;bqyfnibdabconnbyfhbaqgbzigb'dfzfj'bqa.njbui
bbbbuisa.nfgrbyfhbaqgbgihdp

bbbb[5]bSamb'yioj-qodcy,'bcspbYp-Hapbgadihbogjbcspbvpb2910p--Dyp
bbbbdmoghnodih:b_Dya.bqfndbgadbgiijbzxbyiojbdabyfji_b(fpip,bdya.bqfndbyovi
bbbbgabaccohfagbdabu.mxbzi,bohbRmigjinbqfnnbjiva.mbzibqyani)p--Hfzmack
bbbbfzorfgihbobkfgjbasbjioj-qodcyp--JmpbYpbQaajbh.rrihdh:b_Dya.bqfndbgad
bbbbyovibdabu.mxbhabz.cybohbzxbyioj_b(sambRmigjinbqfnnbuibobdyama.ry
bbbb.gjimdokim),--rmfzby.zamp

bbbb[6]bHpblmalahihbobcanagbosdimb'gfzið'b(npb447)pbDyfhbqa.njbzokibga
bbbbihhigdfonbcyogribfgbdyibdmoghnodfagp

bbbb[7]bAqfgrbdabdyibvor.igihhbasb'siamzi'b(451),bdyfhblohhoribfh
bbbbvomfa.hnxbdmoghnodijpbFgba.mbdmoghnodfag,bYp-Hap'hbrnahhomxbyohbuiig
bbbbw.fdibcnahinxbsannaqijpbDyfhbormiihbh.uhdogdfonnxbqfdybUp'h
bbbbdmoghnodfagb(LpbogjbUpbEFFpb87)pbMpbdmoghnodih:b_Dya.bgiijhdbgadbdoki
bbbbcomibnagrimbohbdabdyibcagh.zldfagbasbzxbjiojbuajxp_b'Níc'bfhbonhabo
bbbbcm.ebyimi,bohbfdbzoxbziogbnfvfgrbuajxbambjiojbuajxp




VFFFp

YMADYROMbOGJbUIAQ.NSp--_Cagdfg.ij_p


{Ymadyrombmihlagjhp}

bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombjfhca.mhij,byinzbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh:
bbbbbbbbbb"Dabjisigjba.mbsankbogjbdabs.mgfhybohhfhdogci,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbDya.bha.rydihdb.hbyfdyim,braajbsmfigjbUiaq.nsp

{MizfgfhcigcihbasbUiaq.ns'hbsodyim,bIcrdyiaqp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsfimcihdbasbsi.jhbdyxbsodyimbigrorijbfg,
bbbbbbbb5bYiodyanosbkfnnijbyibfgbyogj-da-yogjbcagsnfcd
bbbbbbbbbb'ZfjbQfnsfgrfhybqommfamh;bdyigbdyibQijimfhyblialni
bbbbbbbbbbSambsiombasbobsi.jbqimibsamcijbdabjfhaqgbyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigcibsnxfgrbyibsnijbdabdyibsankbasbdyibHa.dy-Jogih,
[18]bbbbbbDyibmocibasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,ba'imbdyibmannbasbdyibqodimh;
bbbbbbb10bFbyojbnodinxbuir.gbdyigbdabravimgbdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyaomj-hiodbasbyimaihbyinjbfgbzxbxa.dy,
bbbbbbbbbbMfcybfgbfdhb iqinh:bjiojbqohbYimirom,
bbbbbbbbbbZxbkfghzogbogjbinjimbyojbiomdy- axhbsamhokig,
bbbbbbbbbbYionsjigibyfhbuofmgpbYibqohbuiddimbdyogbFboz!
bbbbbbb15bDyodbsi.jbdyimiosdimbsambobsiibFbcazla.gjij;
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbdyibqindimfgrbqodimhbdabdyibQfnsfgrhbFbhigd
bbbbbbbbbbAmgozigdhbanj;baodyhbjfjbyibhqiombzip

{Ymadyrombmica.gdhbdabUiaq.nsbdyibyammamhbasbRmigjin'hblimhic.dfaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbFdblofghbzibfgbhlfmfdbdabogxbdabdinnbfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbrmfisbfgbYiamadbRmigjinbyodybco.hijbzi,
bbbbbbb20bQyodbyammamb.gnaakij-sam,buxbyodmijb.gciohfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbQogijbfhbzxbqom-uogj,bqohdijbzxbyonn-dmaal;
bbbbbbbbbbQifmjbyodybasscohdbdyizbdabdyibcn.dcyihbasbRmigjinp
bbbbbbbbbbRajbcogbiohfnxbyfgjimbdyibhcodyim
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbjiijhbhabjfmis.npbAsdbjm.gkigbqfdybuiim

{Zxbdyogihbyovibzojibzogxbuaohdh,bu.dbyovibgadbieic.dijbdyizp}

bbbbbbb25bA'imbdyiboni-vihhinblmazfhijbqommfamhbfgbomzam
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbqa.njbqfnnfgrnxbqofdbagbdyibqohhofnfgr-uigcyih
bbbbbbbbbbObrmollnibqfdybRmigjin,bqfdybrmfzzihdbasbijrihp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyfhbzioj-yonnbodbzamgfgrbqfdybz.mjimbqohbmiikfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.fnjfgrbqohbunaajxbodbumiokfgrbasbjoxnfryd,
bbbbbbb30bDyibuigcy-jionhbonnbsnaajij,bjmfllfgrbogjbunaajfij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsank-yonnbqohbramx:bFbyojbsiqimbmidofgimh,
bbbbbbbbbbJiom-uinavijbqommfamh,bqyazbjiodybyojbnofjbyanjbasp

{Hfdbjaqgbdabdyibsiohd,bogjbrfvib.hbcazsamdp}

bbbbbbbbbbHfdbodbdyibsiohdbgaq,bdyxbfgdigdhb.gdabyimaih,[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbvfcdam-sozibhyaq,bohbdyxbhlfmfdbjadyb.mribdyii!"

{ObuigcybfhbzojibmiojxbsambUiaq.nsbogjbyfhblomdxp}

bbbbbbb35bSambdyibzigbasbdyibRiodhbdyigbdaridyimbohhizunij,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibuiim-yonnbunfdyihazibobuigcybqohbzojibmiojx;
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqomnfkibfgbhlfmfdbdyixbqigdbdabuibhiodij,
bbbbbbbbbbLma.jbogjbie.ndogdpbObnfirizogbjfjbhimvfci,
[19]bbbbbbQyabobuiokimbizuinnfhyijbuamibqfdybjicam.z,

{Dyibrniizogbhfgrh}

bbbbbbb40bOgjbrniozfgr-jmfgkbla.mijpbDyibrniizogbhogrbqyfnaz

{Dyibyimaihbonnbmi afcibdaridyimp}

bbbbbbbbbbYiomdxbfgbYiamad;bdyimibqohbyimaih'bmi afcfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbObg.zima.hbqom-uogjbasbQijimhbogjbJogizigp

bbbb[1]bUpbogjbHpbmi icdbdyibmiojfgrbrfvigbfgbYp-Hap,bogjbh.rrihdijbux
bbbbRmdvrpbUpbh.rrihdhbsamb457-458:

bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbqáimi-mxyd.zbÞú,bqfgibzígbUéaq.ns,
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbogjbsambám-hdos.zbúhfcbhóydihdp

bbbbDyfhbziogh:b_Smazbdyibaunfrodfaghbasbcnfigdori,bzxbsmfigjbUiaq.ns,bogj
bbbbsambohhfhdogcibdya.byohdbha.rydb.h_p--Dyfhbrfvihbcayimigcibda
bbbbYmadyrom'hbaligfgrbmizomkhbfgbVFFFp,bogjbonhabfgdmaj.cihbobgiqbzadfvi
bbbbsambUiaq.ns'hbcazfgrbdabYmadyrom'hbofjp

bbbb[2]b_Hfdbgaqbodbdyibsiohd,bogjbjfhcnahibdyxbl.mlahihbdabdyibvfcdamfa.h
bbbbyimaih,bohbdyxbhlfmfdb.mrih_p--Knpbmiocyihbdyibouavibdmoghnodfagbux
bbbbimohfgrbdyibcazzobosdimb'ziada'bogjbmiojfgrb'hfri-ymèðhicr.zp'--Dyimi
bbbbomibadyimbogjbuanjimbizigjodfaghbogjbh.rrihdfaghpbAsbdyihibdyibuanjihd
bbbbfhbdabmiromjb'ziada'bohbobvimub(fzlimodfvi),bogjbmiojb'agbhæn':b_Dyfgk
bbbb.lagbroxidx,bidc_p--Onnbdyibmigjimfgrhbomib.ghodfhsocdamx,bdyibagi
bbbbrfvigbfgba.mbdmoghnodfagbfgvanvfgrbobti.rzop




FEp

.GSIMDYbDO.GDHbUIAQ.NSp


{.gsimdy,bobdyogibasbYmadyrom,bfhb iona.hbasbUiaq.ns,bogjb.gjimdokihbda
dqfdbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbb.gsimdybhlakib.l,bIcrnosbyfhbhag,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabhodbodbdyibsiidbasbdyibnamjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbAligijbdyib a.hdfgrb(dyib a.mgix[1]basbUiaq.ns,
bbbbbbbbbbHio-somimbja.rydx,brovibhammaqbdab.gsimdy
bbbbbbbb5bOgjbrmiodihdbcyormfg,bdaa,bsambrmogdijbyibgivim
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbogxbzogbinhibagbiomdybhya.njboddofgbda,
bbbbbbbbbbRofgb.gjimbyiovig,bzamibrnamxbdyogbyi):

{Jfjbxa.bdokiblomdbfgbobhqfzzfgr-zodcybqfdybUmico?}

bbbbbbbbbb"Omdbdya.bdyodbUiaq.nsbqfdybUmicobjfjbhdm.rrni,
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibqfjibhio-c.mmigdhbodbhqfzzfgrbcagdigjij,
bbbbbbb10bQyimibdaby.zambxa.mblmfjibdyibaciogbxibdmfij,

{'Dqohbzimibsannxbdyodbocd.odijbxa.buadybdabmfhkbxa.mbnfvihbagbdyibaciogp}

bbbbbbbbbbSmazbvofgihdbvo.gdfgrbojvigd.mijbxa.mbuajfih
bbbbbbbbbbFgbcomibasbdyibqodimh?bOgjbgabagibqohbouni
bbbbbbbbbbGambnfisbgambnadybagi,bfgbdyibniohdbdabjfhh.ojibxa.
bbbbbbbbbbXa.mbjfssfc.ndbvaxori;bdyigbxibvigd.mijbo-hqfzzfgr,
bbbbbbb15bQyimibxa.mbomzhba.dhdmidcyfgrbdyibhdmiozhbxibjfjbcavim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzimi-qoxhbzioh.mij,bzfefgrbogjbhdfmmfgrbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbRnfjijbdyibaciog;bogrmxbdyibqovihbqimi,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdyibqindimfgrbasbqfgdimpbFgbdyibqodim'hblahhihhfag,
bbbbbbbbbbXibdafnijbsambobhivig-gfryd;byibodbhqfzzfgrba.djfjbdyii,
bbbbbbb20bFgbhdmigrdybiecinnijbdyiipbDyigbiomnxbodbzamgfgr
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibYiodyamizih'bhyamibdyibyanz-c.mmigdhbdahhijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbHa.rydbyibdyigciqomjbdyibyazibasbyfhbsodyimh,
bbbbbbbbbbUinavijbasbyfhbnfirizig,bdyibnogjbasbdyibUmagjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblioci-cohdniblniohogd,bqyimiboblialnibyibqfinjij,
[20]bbb25bYojbuama.rybogjb iqinhpbDyiblnijribdyodbyibzojibdyii

{Umicoba.djfjbxa.bigdfminxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagbasbUioghdogbyodybhaadynxboccazlnfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbFbqiigbdya.bqfndbsfgjbdyiibnihhbsamd.godibfhh.i,

{Z.cybzamibqfnnbRmigjinba.djabxa.,bfsbxa.bvfibqfdybyfzbfgblmaqihhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybivimbdmf.zlyogdbfgbaghidbasbuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbObrmfzbrmollnfgr,bfsbRmigjinbdya.bjomihd
bbbbbbb30bSambdyibhlocibasbobgfrydbgiom-uxbdabqofdbsam!"

{Uiaq.nsbmidonfodihp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsboghqimij,basshlmfgrbasbIcrdyiaq:
bbbbbbbbbb"Zxbraajbsmfigjb.gsimdy,bh.mibsmiinxbogjbqfnjnx,

{Absmfigjb.gsimdy,bxa.bomibs.jjnijbqfdybuiim,bogjbcoggadbdonkbcayimigdnxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDya.bs.jjnijbqfdybuiimbasbUmicobyohdbhlakig,
bbbbbbbbbbYohdbdanjbasbyfhb a.mgix!bObsocdbFbonniribfd,
bbbbbbb35bDyodbrmiodimbhdmigrdybfgbdyibqodimhbFbyojbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbFnnhbfgbdyibaciog,bdyogbogxbzogbinhibyojp
bbbbbbbbbbQibzojibormiizigdbohbdyibzimihdbasbhdmflnfgrh
bbbbbbbbbbLmazfhijbiocybadyimb(uadybasb.hbdyigbqimi

{Qibhfzlnxbkildbogbigrorizigdbzojibfgbiomnxbnfsip}

bbbbbbbbbbXa.gkimhbfgbxiomh)bdyodbqibxidbqa.njbojvigd.mi
bbbbbbb40bA.dbagbdyibaciog;bfdbonnbqiboccazlnfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibhqfzzfgrbdyibhio-snaajh,bhqamj-unojib.ghcouuomjij
bbbbbbbbbbUanjnxbqibumogjfhyij,ba.mbuajfihbielicdij
bbbbbbbbbbDabhyfinjbsmazbdyibhyomkhpbYibh.mibqohb.gouni

{Yib_ca.nj_bgadbiecinbzi,bogjbFb_qa.nj_bgadbiecinbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabhqfzbagbdyibqodimhbs.mdyimbdyogbFbca.nj,
bbbbbbb45bZamibhqfsdbagbdyibqovih,bgamb_qa.nj_bFbsmazbyfzbrap
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbqibdqabcazlogfaghbhdoxijbfgbdyibaciog

{Osdimbsfvibjoxhbdyibc.mmigdhbhilomodijb.hp}

bbbbbbbbbbSfvibgfrydhbdaridyim,bdfnnbdyibc.mmigdhbjfjblomdb.h,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqindimfgrbqodimh,bqiodyimhbdyibuniokihd,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbgidyimzahdbgfryd,bogjbdyibgamdy-qfgjbqyfhdnij
bbbbbbb50bSfimcibfgba.mbsocih;bsinnbqimibdyibufnnaqhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzimibsfhyih'bzaajbqohbzfrydfnxbm.ssnij:
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyimiborofghdbsaizigbzxbsfmz-kgaddijbcamhnid,
bbbbbbbbbbYogj- afgdij,byomjx,byinlbjfjbossamjbzi;
bbbbbbbbbbZxbuoddni-homkbumofjij,bumfnnfogdnxbrfnjij,

{Obyammfunibhio-uiohdboddockijbzi,bu.dbFbhniqbyfzp}

bbbbbbb55bNoxbagbzxbuahazpbDabdyibuaddazbdyigbjmorrijbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbObyodis.nbsfigj-hcodyim,bhiftijbzibogjbyinjbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbRmfzbfgbyfhbrmollni:b'dqohbrmogdijbzi,bgodynihh,
bbbbbbbbbbDablfimcibdyibzaghdimbqfdybdyiblafgdbasbzxbqiolag,
bbbbbbbbbbZxbauijfigdbunoji;buoddnibasscommfij
bbbbbbb60bDyibzfrydxbzimi-cmiod.mibuxbzioghbasbzxbyogj-unaqp

bbbb[1]bFdbyohbuiigblno.hfunxbh.rrihdijbdyodb'híð'b(fgb501bogjbfgb353)
bbbbzioghb'ommfvonp'bFsbha,bdmoghnodibdyibumockid:b_(dyibommfvonbas
bbbbUiaq.ns,bdyibumovibhiosomim,bqohbobha.mcibasbrmiodbcyormfgbdab.gsimdy,
bbbbidcp)_p

[21]




Ep

UIAQ.NSbHFNIGCIHb.GSIMDYp--RNIIbFHbYFRYp


bbbbbbbbbb"Habfnn-ziogfgrbigizfihbasdigbjfjbco.hibzi
bbbbbbbbbbHammaqbdyibhamihdpbFbhimvijbdyiz,bfgbw.fddogci,

{Zxbjiombhqamjbonqoxhbhimvijbzibsofdys.nnxp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdybzxbjiom-navèjbhqamj,bohbfgbhaadybfdbqohbsfddfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbzfhhijbdyiblnioh.mibasbsiohdfgrbou.gjogdnx,
bbbbbbbb5bFnn-jaimhbivfn,basbiodfgrbzxbuajx,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbh.mma.gjfgrbdyibuogw.idbjiilbfgbdyibaciog;
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbqa.gjijbqfdybijrihbiomnxbodbzamgfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbqimibhdmidcyijbo-yfrybagbdyibhdmogjbasbdyibaciog,

{Fbl.dbobhdalbdabdyiba.dmorihbasbdyibhio-zaghdimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbL.dbdabhniilbqfdybdyibhqamj,bdyodbhio-rafgrbdmovinimh
bbbbbbb10bGabnagrimbdyimiosdimbqimibyfgjimijbsmazbhofnfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsaoz-johyfgrbc.mmigdhpbCozibobnfrydbsmazbdyibiohd,
bbbbbbbbbbRaj'hbuio.dfs.nbuiocag;bdyibufnnaqhbh.uhfjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbqinnbFbca.njbhiibdyibgihhihblma icdfgr,

{Samd.gibyinlhbdyibumovibiomnp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibun.hdimfgrbcmorhpbQifmjbasdigbhovidy
bbbbbbb15bDyib.gjaazijbyimabfsbja.rydxbyfhbvonam!
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbzibjfjbfdbsamd.gi[1]bdabsinnbqfdybzxbqiolag
bbbbbbbbbbGfgibasbdyibgfckimhpbAsbgfryd-hdm.rrnibyomjim
bbbbbbbbbb'GiodybjazibasbdyibyiovigbyiomjbFbu.dbmominx,
bbbbbbbbbbGambasbqfrydbzamibqas.nbfgbdyibqovihbasbdyibaciog;
bbbbbbb20bXidbFb'hcolijbqfdybzxbnfsibdyibrmflbasbdyibzaghdimh,

{OsdimbdyodbihcolibFbjmfsdijbdabSfgnogjp}

bbbbbbbbbbQiomxbsmazbdmovinpbDyigbdyibqodimhbuomibzi
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibnogjbasbdyibSfggh,bdyibsnaajbqfdybdyibc.mmigd,

{Fbyovibgivimbyiomjbasbxa.mbjafgrbogxbh.cybuanjbjiijhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqindimfgrbqovihpbGadbobqamjbyodybuiigbdanjbzi
bbbbbbbbbbAsbjiijhbhabjomfgrbjagibuxbdyii,b.gsimdy,
bbbbbbb25bOgjbasbhqamj-dimmambgagi;bgivimbyodybUmico
bbbbbbbbbbOdbdyiblnoxbasbdyibuoddni,bgambifdyimbasbxa.bdqa,
bbbbbbbbbbSiodbhabsiomnihhblimsamzèjbqfdybqiolagh
bbbbbbbbbbRnfgdfgrbogjbrniozfgrbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbp
[22]bbbbbbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbpbFb.ddimbgabuaohdfgr;

{Xa.bomibobhnoximbasbumadyimh,bogjbqfnnbh.ssimbjozgodfag,bqfhibohbxa.bzox
uip}

bbbbbbb30bDya.rybqfdybcanj-unaajijbcm.indxbdya.bkfnnijhdbdyxbumadyimh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbgiomihdbasbkfg;bdya.bgiijhbz.hdbfgbyinnbrid
bbbbbbbbbbJfmis.nbjozgodfag,bdya.rybja.rydxbdyxbqfhjazp
bbbbbbbbbbFbdinnbdyiibfgbiomgihd,basshlmfgrbasbIcrnos,
bbbbbbbbbbGivimbyojbRmigjinbh.cybg.zuimnihhbyammamh,
bbbbbbb35bDyibjfmis.nbjizag,bjagibdabdyxbnfirinamj,
bbbbbbbbbbYommxfgrbfgbYiamad,bfsbdyxbyiomdbqimibohbhd.mjx,

{Yojbxa.mbocdhbuiigbohbumovibohbxa.mbqamjh,bRmigjinbyojbgadbmovorijbxa.m
nogjbhabnagrp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyxbzaajbohbsimacfa.hbohbdya.bjahdbjihcmfuibdyizp
bbbbbbbbbbYibyodybsa.gjba.dbs.nnxbdyodbdyibsfimci-u.mgfgrbyodmij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibijri-uoddnibiorim,basbonnbasbxa.mbkfgjmij,
bbbbbbb40bAsbdyibVfcdamx-Hcxnjfgrh,bgiijbnfddnibjfhzoxbyfz:
bbbbbbbbbbAodyhbyibieocdidy,bgadbogxbyibhlomih

{DyibzaghdimbfhbgadbosmofjbasbdyibJogih,}

bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibsankbasbdyibJogizig,bu.dbsfrydidybqfdyblnioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbKfnnidybogjbsiohdidy,bgabcagdihdbielicdidy

{u.dbyibqfnnbhaagbniomgbdabjmiojbdyibRiodhp}

bbbbbbbbbbSmazbHliom-JogfhyblialnipbU.dbdyiblmaqihhbogjbvonam
bbbbbbb45bAsbdyibiomnhbasbdyibRiodzigbiomnxbhyonnbvigd.mi
bbbbbbbbbbDabrfvibyfzbobrmollnipbYibhyonnbrabqyabfhbouni
bbbbbbbbbbUmovinxbdabuogw.id,bqyigbdyibumfryd-nfrydbasbzamgfgr

{Agbdyibhicagjbjox,bogxbqommfambzoxbrab.gzanihdijbdabdyibzioj-uogw.idp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybdyibhicagjbjoxbumfgridy,bdyibh.gbfgbfdhbidyim-mauih,
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbcyfnjmigbasbzigbhyfgihbsmazbdyibha.dyqomj!"
bbbbbbb50bDyigbdyibrmox-yofmij,bqom-sozijbrfvimbasbdmioh.mi

{Ymadyrom'hbhlfmfdhbomibmivfvijp}

bbbbbbbbbbQohbunfdyihazibogjb axa.h,bdyibUmfryd-Jogfhybm.nim
bbbbbbbbbbIelicdijbohhfhdogci;bdyiblialni'hblmadicdam

{Dyibanjbkfgrbdm.hdhbUiaq.nspbDyibyimaihbomib axs.np}

bbbbbbbbbbYiomjbsmazbUiaq.nsbyfhbuanjbmihan.dfagp
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqohbno.rydimbasbyimaih;bna.jbqohbdyibcnoddim,
bbbbbbb55bDyibqamjhbqimibqfghazipbQionydyiaqbojvogcijbdyig,

{W.iigbQionydyiaqblnoxhbdyibyahdihhp}

bbbbbbbbbbCaghamdbasbYmadyrom,basbca.mdihxbzfgjs.n,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-jickijbhon.dijbdyibzigbfgbdyibu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibsmiiuamgbqazogbdyibuiokimblmihigdij

{Hyibassimhbdyibc.lbdabyimby.huogjbsfmhdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibnamjbasbdyibkfgrjaz,bsfmhdbasbdyibIohd-Jogih,
bbbbbbb60bUojibyfzbuibunfdyihazibqyigbuiimbqohbo-snaqfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbNfisbdabyfhbnfirizig;byibn.hdfnxbdohdij
bbbbbbbbbbAsbuogw.idbogjbuiokim,buoddni-sozijbm.nimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibYinzfgrfhybnojxbdyigbrmocfa.hnxbcfmcnij
bbbbbbbbbb'Zfjbonnbdyibnfirizigbnihhimbogjbrmiodim:

[23]

{Hyibrfvihblmihigdhbdabdyibyimaihp}

bbbbbbb65bDmioh.mi-c.lhbdigjimij,bdfnnbdfzibqohbossamjij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibjicama.h-zaajij,bjfojizijbsank-w.iig

{Dyigbhyibassimhbdyibc.lbdabUiaq.ns,bdyogkfgrbRajbdyodbofjbyohbcazip}

bbbbbbbbbbZfrydbuiombdabUiaq.nsbdyibu.zlimba'imm.ggfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbHyibrmiidijbdyibRiod-lmfgci,bRajbhyibjfjbdyogk,
bbbbbbbbbbZahdbqfhibfgbyimbqamjh,bdyodbyimbqfhybqohboccazlnfhyij,
bbbbbbb70bDyodbfgbogxbasbiomnzigbhyibivimbhya.njbnaakbsam
bbbbbbbbbbHanocibfgbhammaqpbYiboccildijbdyibuiokim,
bbbbbbbbbbUoddni-uanjbqommfam,bodbQionydyiaq'hbrfvfgr,

{Uiaq.nsbhdodihbdabdyibw.iigbdyibau icdbasbyfhbvfhfdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbiw.fllijbsambcazuodbw.adybyibfgbzioh.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhloki,basshlmfgrbasbIcrdyiaq:
bbbbbbb75b"Fbl.mlahijbfgbhlfmfdbqyigbFbza.gdijbdyibaciog,

{Fbjidimzfgijbdabjabambjfip}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbFbuaomjijbzxbuaodbqfdybobuogjbasbzxbnfirizig,
bbbbbbbbbbFbqa.njbqamkbdabdyibs.nnihdbdyibqfnnbasbxa.mblialni
bbbbbbbbbbAmbfgbsai'h-cn.dcyihbsohdigijbsonnbfgbdyibuoddnip
bbbbbbbbbbJiijhbFbhyonnbjabasbjomfgrbogjblmaqihh,
bbbbbbb80bAmbdyibnohdbasbzxbnfsi-joxhbnfvibfgbdyfhbzioj-yonnp"
bbbbbbbbbbDyihibqamjhbdabdyibnojxbqimibqincazibogjblniohfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuaohdbasbdyibRiodzog;bqfdybranjbdmollfgrhbumafjimij
bbbbbbbbbbQigdbdyibsmiiuamgbsank-w.iigbyimbsagj-namjbdabhfdbuxp

{Rniibfhbyfryp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigborofgbohbasbxamibqohbyiomjbfgbdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbb85bCa.mdnxbjfhc.hhfag,bcagw.imamh'bhya.dfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYimaihbqimibyollx,bdfnnbYionsjigi'hbhagbqa.nj
bbbbbbbbbbRabdabyfhbhn.zuimbdabhiikbsambmismihyfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibyammfjbyinn-zaghdimbfgbdyibyonn-u.fnjfgrbkgiqbyi
bbbbbbbbbbObsfrydbqohbjidimzfgij,[2]bhfgcibdyibnfrydbasbdyibh.gbdyix
bbbbbbb90bGabnagrimbca.njbhii,bogjbnaqimfgrbjomkgihh
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbonnbyojbjihcigjij,bogjbjomkb.gjimbyiovig
bbbbbbbbbbHyojaqxbhyolihbcozibhyxfgrboma.gjbdyizp

{Ymadyrombmidfmih,bniovfgrbUiaq.nsbfgbcyomribasbdyibyonnp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfirizigbonnbmahibdyigpbAgibhon.dijbdyibadyim,
bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombUiaq.ns,bfgbmyxdyzfconbzioh.mih,
bbbbbbb95bQfhyfgrbyfzbqinn,bogj,bdyibqohhofn-yonnbrfvfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDabyfhbcomibogjbkiilfgr,bw.adybyibjilomdfgr:
[24]bbbbbb"GadbdabogxbagibinhibyovibFbivimbigdm.hdij,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbdyiibogjbdyiibagnx,bdyibyonnbasbdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibyfrybFbca.njbyiovibzxbyogjbogjbzxbu.cknimp
bbbbbb100bDokibdya.bfgbcyomribgaqbdyibgaunihdbasbya.hih;
bbbbbbbbbbUibzfgjs.nbasbyagam,bieyfufdfgrblmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbQodcyb'rofghdbdyibsaizog!bDya.bhyondbqogdbgabig axzigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbH.mvfvibdya.bhosinxbojvigd.mibhabrnamfa.h!"

bbbb[1]bDyibmilidfdfagbasb'yqæðimi'b(574bogjb578)bfhbmiromjijbuxbhazi
bbbbhcyanomhbohbobjisicdpbUpbh.rrihdhb'hqábÞæm'bsambdyibsfmhd:b_Habdyimi
bbbbfdbuisinnbzi,bidcp_bOgadyimbh.rrihdfagbfhbdabcyogribdyibhicagj
bbbb'yqæðimi'bfgdab'hqábÞæm':b_HabdyimibFbihcolijbqfdybzxbnfsi,bidcp_

bbbb[2]bKnpbh.rrihdhboblimfajbosdimb'jidimzfgijp'bDyfhbqa.njbrfvibdyi
bbbblohhoribohbsannaqh:b_Hfgcibdyixbgabnagrimbca.njbhiibdyibnfrydbasbdyi
bbbbh.g,bogjbnaqimfgrbjomkgihhbqohbjaqgbavimbonn,bjfmib.gjimbdyibyiovigh
bbbbhyojaqxbuifgrhbcozibrafgrboma.gjbdyiz_p




EFp

ONNbHNIILbHOVIbAGIp


{Ymadyrombmidfmihp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbYmadyrombjilomdij,byfhbiomn-dymagrboddigjfgrbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbSank-namjbasbHcxnjfgrh,bsamdybsmazbdyibu.fnjfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqom-cyfisdofgbqfhyijbdyigbQionydyiaqbdabnaakbsam,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibw.iigbsambobuijzodipbDabkiilboqoxbRmigjin

{Rajbyohblmavfjijbobqodcybsambdyibyonnp}

bbbbbbbb5bDyibRnamxbasbKfgrhbyojbrfvigbobyonn-qodcy,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbzigbyiomjbmica.gdij:bsambdyibkfgrbasbdyibJogizig
bbbbbbbbbbYibjfjbhlicfonbhimvfci,brovibdyibrfogdbobqodcyim:
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyiblmfgcibasbdyibRiodzigbfzlnfcfdnxbdm.hdij

{Uiaq.nsbfhbhins-cagsfjigd}

bbbbbbbbbbYfhbqomnfkibhdmigrdybogjbdyibQfinjim'hblmadicdfagp

{Yiblmilomihbsambmihdp}

bbbbbbb10bYfhbomzambasbfmagbassbyfzbyibjfjbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyinzidbsmazbyfhbyioj,bdabyfhbyigcyzogbcazzfddij
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbcyohij-yogjnijbcyofg-hqamj,bcyafcihdbasbqiolagh,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbuojibyfzbufjibqfdybyfhbuoddni-iw.flzigdhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibraajbagibdyigb.ddimijbqamjhbasbjisfogci,
bbbbbbb15bUiaq.nsbRiodzog,bimibyfhbuijbyib.lza.gdij:

{Uiaq.nsbuaohdhbasbyfhboufnfdxbdabcalibqfdybRmigjinp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Fbyanjbzibgabziogimbfgbzoddimhbasblmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbqomnfkibocyfivizigdh,bdyogbRmigjinbjaihbyfzhins;
bbbbbbbbbbYigcibFbhiikbgadbqfdybhqamj-ijribdabhaadybyfzbdabhn.zuim,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbnfsibdabuimiovibyfz,bdya.rybqinnbFbozbounip

{Qibqfnnbsfrydbqfdybgod.mi'hbqiolaghbagnxp}

bbbbbbb20bGabuoddni-hkfnn[1]byohbyi,bdyodbunaqhbyibhya.njbhdmfkibzi,
bbbbbbbbbbDabhyoddimbzxbhyfinj,bdya.rybh.mibyibfhbzfrydx
[25]bbbbbbFgbhdmfsibogjbjihdm.cdfag;bu.dbhdm.rrnfgrbuxbgfrydbqi
bbbbbbbbbbHyonnbjabqfdya.dbijrih,bjomibyibdabnaakbsam
bbbbbbbbbbQiolagnihhbqomsomi,bogjbqfhi-zaajijbSodyim
bbbbbbb25bDyibrnamxbollamdfag,bRajbivim-yanx,

{Rajbzoxbjicfjibqyabhyonnbcagw.im}

bbbbbbbbbbAgbqyfcybyogjbhaivimbdabyfzbhiizidyblmalimp"
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibumovi-zaajijbyimabuigdbdabyfhbhn.zuim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblfnnaqbmicifvijbdyibcyiikbasbdyibgauni;

{DyibRiodfhybqommfamhbnfibjaqgp}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbzogxbobzomdfonbzimi-dyogiboddigjfgr
bbbbbbb30bHogkbdabyfhbhn.zuimpbHiizijbfdb.gnfkinx

{Dyixbdya.rydbfdbvimxb.gnfkinxbdyodbdyixbhya.njbivimbhiibdyifmbyazih
orofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbivimbdyimiosdimbogxbhya.njbyalibda
bbbbbbbbbbUibyollxbodbyazi,byima-smfigjhbvfhfd
bbbbbbbbbbAmbdyibnamjnxbdmaal-cohdnibqyimibyibnfvijbsmazbyfhbcyfnjyaaj;
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbyojbyiomjbyaqbhno.rydimbyojbhgodcyijbsmazbdyibqfgi-yonn,
bbbbbbb35bYojbmicigdnxbmovfhyij,basbdyibmocibasbdyibHcxnjfgrh

{U.dbRajbmofhijb.lbobjinfvimimp}

bbbbbbbbbbDaabzogxbuxbsompbU.dbdyibNamjbdabdyizbrmogdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqiovfgrbasbqom-hliij,bdabQijimfhybyimaih
bbbbbbbbbbOfjbogjbcazsamd,bdyodbivimxballagigd
bbbbbbbbbbUxbagibzog'hbqom-zfrydbdyixbqamhdijbogjbvogw.fhyij,

{Rajbm.nihbdyibqamnjp}

bbbbbbb40bUxbdyibzfrydbasbyfzhins;bdyibdm.dybfhbihdounfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbRajbOnzfrydxbyodybravimgijbsamborih
bbbbbbbbbbKfgjmijhbogjbgodfaghpbObgfrydbvimxbn.mfj

{RmigjinbcazihbdabYiamadp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibdmov'nim-od-dqfnfrydbcozibdmozlfgrbogjbhdmfjfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqommfamhbqimibhniilfgrbqyabhya.njbqodcybdyibyamgij-u.fnjfgr,

{Agnxbagibqommfambfhboqokip}

bbbbbbb45bAgibagnxbiecildijpb'Zfjbiomdyzigb'dqohb'hdounfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbDy'bfzlnocounibsaizogbqohblaqimnihhbdaby.mnbdyiz
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibnogjbasbhyojaqh,bfsbdyibNamjbqimib.gqfnnfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbhimvfgrbohbqomjim,bfgbdimmambdabsaizig,
bbbbbbbbbbYibogrmfnxbufjijbdyibfhh.ibasbuoddnip[2]

bbbb[1]bRmpb.gjimhdaajb'rójmo'bohbziogfgrb'ojvogdorihbfgbuoddnip'bDyfh
bbbbmigjimfgrbYp-Hapbmi icdhpbDyibnoddimbdokihbdyiblohhoribohbziogfgrbdyod
bbbbRmigjin,bdya.rybzfrydxbogjbsamzfjouni,byohbgabhkfnnbfgbdyibomdbasbqomp

bbbb[2]bUpbfgbyfhbzohdimnxbomdfcnihbagbUiaq.nsb(LpbogjbUpbEFFp)bmi icdh
bbbbdyibjfvfhfagb.h.onnxbzojibodbdyfhblafgd,b'Þáp'b(711),b.h.onnxbmigjimij
bbbb'dyig,'byibdmoghnodihb'qyig,'bogjbcaggicdhbfdhbcno.hibqfdybdyi
bbbbsamirafgrbhigdigcipbDyihibcyogrihbyibzokihbdabmij.cibdyibg.zuimbas
bbbb'cóz'h'bohblmfgcflonbvimuhpb(Cspb703,b711,b721p)bQfdybonnbjisimigcibda
bbbbdyfhboc.dibhcyanom,bFbz.hdbhoxbdyodbfdbhiizhbdabzibdyodbdyiblaidbfh
bbbbieyo.hdfgrbyfhbmiha.mcihbdabumfgrba.dbcniomnxbdyibh.lmizibivigdbag
bbbbqyfcybdyibqyanibh.uhiw.igdbocdfagbd.mghpbSfmhd,byib(Rmigjin)bcozib_fg
bbbbdyibqogbgfryd_;bhicagj,byibcozib_smazbdyibzaam_;bdyfmj,byibcozib_da
bbbbdyibyonn_pbDfzi,blnocibsmazbqyfcy,blnocibdabqyfcy,bomibonnbrfvigp

[26]




EFFp

RMIGJINbOGJbUIAQ.NSp


{Rmigjinbcazihbsmazbdyibsighp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybdyibcna.jxbcnfsshbcozibsmazbdyibzaambdyig
bbbbbbbbbbRmigjinbrafgr,bRaj'hbogrimbuomibyip
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzaghdimbfgdigjijbhazibagibasbiomdyzig
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibyonn-u.fnjfgrbrmogjbdabigdmolbogjbzokibqoxbqfdy:

{Yibraihbdaqomjhbdyib axa.hbu.fnjfgrp}

bbbbbbbb5bYibqigdb.gjimbqinkfgbqyimibqinnbyibkgiqbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfgi- axa.hbu.fnjfgr,bumfnnfogdbqfdyblnodfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-yonnbasbiomdyzigpbGadbdyibiomnfihdbaccohfag

{Dyfhbqohbgadbyfhbsfmhdbvfhfdbdyimip}

bbbbbbbbbbYibdyibyazibogjbzogambasbYmadyrombyojbha.ryd:
bbbbbbbbbbGi'imbsa.gjbyibfgbnfsi-joxhbnodimbgambiomnfim
bbbbbbb10bYomjfimbyima,byonn-dyogih[1]bzamibhd.mjx!
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbcozibdabdyibu.fnjfgrbdyibqommfambzomcyfgr,

{Yfhbyammfjbsfgrimhbdiombdyibjaambaligp}

bbbbbbbbbbUimisdbasbyfhb axogcipbDyibjaambw.fcknxbaligij
bbbbbbbbbbAgbsfmi-yfgrihbsohdigij,bqyigbyfhbsfgrimhbyojbda.cyijbfd;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsinnbagibyojbsn.grbdyig--yfhbs.mxbhabufddim--
bbbbbbb15bAligbdyibigdmogcipbIomnxbdyimiosdim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsaizogbdmajbdyibhyfgfgrbyonn-lovizigd,

{Yibhdmfjihbs.mfa.hnxbfgdabdyibyonnp}

bbbbbbbbbbHdmajibyibogrmfnx;bsmazbdyibixihbasbyfzbrnfzzimij
bbbbbbbbbbObn.hdmib.gnavinxbnfkihdbdabsfmip
bbbbbbbbbbYibuiyinjbfgbdyibyonnbdyibyimaihbfgbg.zuimh,
bbbbbbb20bObcfmcnibasbkfghzigbhniilfgrbdaridyim,

{Yibie.ndhbavimbyfhbh.llahijblmixp}

bbbbbbbbbbObdymagrbasbdyogizig:bdyigbyfhbdya.rydhbqimibie.ndogd,
bbbbbbbbbbYibzfgjijbdabh.gjimbsmazbiocybasbdyibdyogizig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfsibsmazbyfhbuajx,byammfunibjizag,
bbbbbbbbbbImibzamgfgrbcozi,bhfgcibsodibyojbonnaqijbyfz

{Sodibyohbjicmiijbdyodbyibhyonnbjiva.mbgabzamibyimaihpbUiaq.nsbh.ssimh
smazbh.hlighip}

bbbbbbb25bDyiblmahlicdbasblnigdxpbLmavfjigcibqfnnijbgad
bbbbbbbbbbDablimzfdbyfzbogxbzamibasbzigb.gjimbyiovig
bbbbbbbbbbDabiodbfgbdyibgfryd-dfzipbYfrinoc'hbkfghzog
bbbbbbbbbbRmiodbhammaqbigj.mijbyaqbdyibjfmi-zaajijbcmiod.mi
[27]bbbbbbFgb.gnaakij-sambohho.ndhbqimibnfkinxbdabuiombyfzp
bbbbbbb30bGabdya.rydbyojbdyibzaghdimbasbjisimmfgrbdyibzoddim,

{Rmigjinbfzzijfodinxbhiftihbobhniilfgrbqommfam,bogjbjiva.mhbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbU.dbagbiomnfihdbaccohfagbyibw.fcknxbnofjbyanjbas
bbbbbbbbbbObhanjfimbohniil,bh.jjignxbdamibyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbUfdbyfhbuagi-lmfhag,bdyibunaajbjmogkbfgbc.mmigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbHqonnaqijbfgbza.dys.nh:byibhaagbyojbdyibjiojbzog'h
bbbbbbb35bSiidbogjbyogjh,bdaa,biodigbigdfminxp
bbbbbbbbbbGiomimbyibhdmajibdyig,bdyibhda.d-yiomdijbqommfam

{Uiaq.nsbogjbRmigjinbrmollnip}

bbbbbbbbbbHgodcyijbohbyibhn.zuimij,bhiftfgrbqfdybyogj-rmfl,
bbbbbbbbbbSamqomjbdyibsaizogbsafgijbqfdybyfhbyogj;
bbbbbbbbbbCo.rydbyibw.fcknxbdyibc.ggfgrbjivfhim,
bbbbbbb40bAgbyfhbinuaqbyibmihdijpbDyfhbiomnxbjfhcavimij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzohdimbasbzonfci,bdyodbfgbzfjjni-iomdy'hbmirfagh,
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybdyibqyanibasbdyibyiovigh,bgabyogj-rmollnibrmiodim

{DyibzaghdimbfhbozotijbodbUiaq.ns'hbhdmigrdyp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbogxbzogbinhibyojbyibivimbigca.gdimij:
bbbbbbbbbbSioms.nbfgbhlfmfd,bsofgd-zaajijbqoeijbyi,
bbbbbbb45bGadbassbca.njbuidokibyfz;bjiodybyibqohblagjimfgr,

{Yibfhbogefa.hbdabsniip}

bbbbbbbbbbQa.njbsnxbdabyfhbcavimd,bhiikbdyibjivfnh'bohhizunx:
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbconnfgrbgabzamibqohbdyibhozibyibyojbsannaqij
bbbbbbbbbbNagrbfgbyfhbnfsidfzipbDyibnfiri-kfghzogbqamdyx

{Uiaq.nsbmiconnhbyfhbuaohdbasbdyibivigfgr,bogjbjidimzfgihbdabs.nsfnbfdp}

bbbbbbbbbbAsbYfrinocbzfgjijbyfhbhliicybasbdyibivigfgr,
bbbbbbb50bHdaajbyib.lbhdmofrydbogjbhda.dnxbjfjbhiftibyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbsfgrimhbcmocknij;bdyibrfogdbqohba.dqomj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomnbhdillijbsomdyimpbDyibsoza.hbagibzfgjij
bbbbbbbbbbDabsniiboqoxbsomdyim,bfsbyibsa.gjbogbaccohfag,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbassbogjboqox,bovafjfgrbjinox,
bbbbbbb55bDabsnxbdabdyibsig-zaamh;byibs.nnxbqohbqomibas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhdmigrdybasbyfhbrmollnibfgbdyibrmflbasbdyibsaizogp

{'Dqohbobn.cknihhbjoxbsambRmigjinp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbogbfnn-dokigb a.mgixbdyodbdyibfg .mx-umfgrfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYommxfgrbyomzimbdabYiamadbqogjimij:

{Dyibyonnbrmaoghp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyiblonocibmi-icyaij;bdabonnbasbdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbb60bJqinnimhbfgbcohdnih,bdabiocybasbdyibuanjbagih,
bbbbbbbbbbIomnzig,bqohbdimmampbOgrmxbdyixbuadybqimi,
bbbbbbbbbbOmcyqomjimhbmorfgrp[2]bModdnijbdyibu.fnjfgr;
[28]bbbbbb'Dqohbobzomvinna.hbqagjimbdyodbdyibqfgi-yonnbqfdyhdaajbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuanj-fg-uoddni,buigdbgadbdabiomdyqomj,
bbbbbbb65bIecinnigdbiomdy-yonn;bu.dbqfdyfgbogjbqfdya.dbfd
bbbbbbbbbbQohbsohdigijbhabsfmznxbfgbsiddimhbasbfmag,
bbbbbbbbbbUxbdyibomdbasbdyibomzamimpbAssbsmazbdyibhfnnbdyimi
bbbbbbbbbbUigdbzioj-uigcyihbzogx,bohbzigbyovibfgsamzijbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbOjamgijbqfdybranj-qamk,bqyimibdyibrmfzbagihbjfjbhdm.rrnip
bbbbbbb70bDyibHcxnjfgrbqfhibzigbqiigijbgi'imbuisami
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbuxbzfrydbogjbzofg-hdmigrdybobzogb.gjimbyiovig
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydbumiokbfdbfgblficih,buagi-jickij,bmihlnigjigd,
bbbbbbbbbbCm.hybfdbuxbc.ggfgr,b.gnihhbcn.dcybasbdyibsfmi
bbbbbbbbbbFgbhzakibhya.njbcagh.zibfdpbDyibha.gjbza.gdijb.lqomj

{Rmigjin'hbcmfihbdimmfsxbdyibJogihp}

bbbbbbb75bGavinbiga.ry;bagbdyibGamdybJogihbsohdigij
bbbbbbbbbbObdimmambasbogr.fhy,bagbonnbasbdyibzigbdyimi
bbbbbbbbbbQyabyiomjbsmazbdyibqonnbdyibqiilfgrbogjblnofgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagrbasbjisiodbsmazbdyibsaizogbasbyiovig,
bbbbbbbbbbYiomjbyfzbyxzghbasbyammambyaqn,bogjbyfhbhammaq
bbbbbbb80bYinn-ua.gjbuiqofnfgrpbYibyinjbyfzbdaabsfmznx
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqohbhdmagrihdbasbzofg-hdmigrdybasbzigbasbdyodbimop

bbbb[1]bUpbogjbdpUpbizigjbhabohbdabzokibnfgihb9bogjb10bmioj:b_Givimbfgbyfh
bbbbnfsi,biomnfimbambnodim,byojbyi,bdyibyinn-dyogi,bsa.gjbobumovim
bbbbyima_p--Dyixbomr.ibdyodbUiaq.ns'hbcazlogfaghbyojbjagibgadyfgrbdabzimfd
bbbbh.cybigcazf.zhbohbdyib.h.onbmiojfgrhbonnaqbdyizp

bbbb[2]bSamb'méðibmég-qiomjoh'b(771),bdpUpbh.rrihdhb'méði,bmégyiomjip'
bbbbDmoghnodi:b_Dyixbqimibuadybogrmx,bmorfgrbogjbzfrydx_p




EFFFp

RMIGJINbFHbVOGW.FHYIJp


{Uiaq.nsbyohbgabfjiobasbniddfgrbRmigjinbnfvip}

bbbbbbbbbbSambgabco.hibqyodivimbqa.njbdyibiomnzig'hbjisigjim
bbbbbbbbbbNiovibfgbnfsi- axhbdyibnaodyhazibgiqcazim,
bbbbbbbbbbYibjiizijbyfhbiefhdigcib.ddimnxb.hinihh
bbbbbbbbbbDabzigb.gjimbyiovigpbZogxbobgauni
bbbbbbbb5bAsbUiaq.nsbumogjfhyijbyfhbuoddni-hqamjbanj,
bbbbbbbbbbQa.njbr.omjbdyibnfsibasbyfhbnamjbogjblmadicdam,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsom-soza.hbcyfisdofg,bfsbounibdabjabha;
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibqorfgrbdyibqomsomi,bdyfhbqfhdbdyixbu.dbnfddni,
bbbbbbbbbbUmovibuoddni-dyogih,bqyfnibyfhbuajxbfgdigjfgr

{Gabqiolagbqa.njbyomzbRmigjin;byibuamibobcyomzijbnfsip}

bbbbbbb10bDabhnfdbfgdabhnfvimh,bogjbhiikfgrbyfhbhlfmfd:
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibminigdnihhbsaizogbgambsfgihdbasbqiolagh
bbbbbbbbbbAsbonnbagbdyibiomdy,bgambogxbasbqom-ufnnh
[29]bbbbbbQohbqfnnfgrbdabfg .mi;bu.dbqiolaghbasbvfcdamx
bbbbbbbbbbHqamjhbogjbh.cynfkibyibyojbhqamgbdabjfhlighibqfdyp
bbbbbbb15bYfhbjiodybodbdyodbdfzibz.hdblmavibdabuibqmidcyij,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibsom-oqoxbhlfmfdbqfjinxbhya.njb a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbFgdabigizfih'blaqimpbDyfhblnofgnxbyibhoqbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqfdybzfmdy[1]basbzaajbzonfcibgabnfddni
bbbbbbbbbbYojbqma.rydbfgbdyiblohdbagbdyibmocibasbdyibiomdyzig
bbbbbbb20b(DabRajbyibqohbyahdfni),bdyodbyfhbuajxbqa.njbsofnbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbYfrinoc'hbyomjxbyigcyzogbogjbkfghzog
bbbbbbbbbbYinjbyfzbuxbdyibyogj;byodis.nbdabadyim

{Rmigjinbfhbhaminxbqa.gjijp}

bbbbbbbbbbQohbiocybagibfsbnfvfgrpbObuajx-qa.gjbh.ssimij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjfmis.nbjizag,bjozoribfgc.mouni

{Yfhbuajxbu.mhdhp}

bbbbbbb25bQohbhiigbagbyfhbhya.njim,byfhbhfgiqhbqimibhyfvimij,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbuajxbjfjbu.mhdpbDabUiaq.nsbqohbrfvig
bbbbbbbbbbRnamxbfgbuoddni;bRmigjinbsmazbdyigciqomj
bbbbbbbbbbZ.hdbsniibogjbyfjibyfzbfgbdyibsig-cnfsshbogjbzomhyih,
bbbbbbbbbbHfckb.gdabjiody,byfhbjqinnfgrbz.hdbnaakbsam
bbbbbbb30b.gqfghazibogjbqas.n;byibqfhdbdyibzamibs.nnx

{Dyibzaghdimbsniihboqoxbdabyfjibfgbdyibzaamhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibigjbasbyfhbiomdynxbiefhdigcibqohbgiomfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnfsi-joxh'bnfzfdhpbOdbnohdbsambdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibhno.rydimbqohbavim,bdyifmbqfhybqohboccazlnfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcazim-smaz-som-nogjbyojbcnioghijbdyigbasbivfn,
bbbbbbb35bQfhibogjbvonfogd,bdyibqom-yonnbasbYmadyrom,
bbbbbbbbbbHovijbfdbsmazbvfanigcipbYib axijbfgbdyibgfryd-qamk,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbmil.dibsamblmaqihh;bdyiblmfgcibasbdyibRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibIohd-Jogfhyblialnibyfhbuaohdbyojboccazlnfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbUiddimijbdyifmbu.mjighazibuoni-hammaqhbs.nnx,
bbbbbbb40bDyibcmosd-uiradbivfnbdyixbimhdqyfnibyojbh.ssimij
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbqimibsamcijbdabigj.mibsmazbcm.hyfgrballmihhfag,
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbzogfsanjbzfhimxpb'Dqohbobzogfsihdbdakig,

{Uiaq.nsbh.hligjhbRmigjin'hbyogjbogjbomzbfgbYiamadp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibyima-fg-uoddnibdyibyogjbh.hligjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibomzbogjbdyibhya.njimb(dyimibqohbonnbasbdyibcnoq
bbbbbbb45bAsbRmigjinbdaridyim)b'giodybrmiod-hdmidcyfgrbyonn-maasp

bbbb[1]bFdbyohbuiigblmalahijbdabdmoghnodib'zxmði'buxb_qfdybhammaq_;bu.d
bbbbdyimibhiizhbgabo.dyamfdxbsambh.cybobmigjimfgrpbDabdyiblmihigd
bbbbdmoghnodam,bdyiblymohib'zójihbzxmði'bhiizhbobzimiblojjfgrbsam
bbbb_rnojnx_;bfpip,b_yibqyabrnojnxbyomohhijbzogkfgj_p

[30]




EFVp

MI AFCFGRbASbDYIbJOGIHp


{Odbiomnxbjoqg,bqommfamhbsmazbsombogjbgiombcazibdaridyimbdabyiombasbdyi
gfryd'hbojvigd.mihp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibzfhdbasbdyibzamgfgrbzogxbobqommfam
bbbbbbbbbbHdaajbma.gjbdyibrfsd-yonn,bohbdyibhdamxbfhbdanjbzi:
bbbbbbbbbbSank-lmfgcihbsomijbdyigbsmazbsombogjbsmazbgiom
bbbbbbbbbbDyma.rybnagr-hdmidcyfgrb a.mgixhbdabnaakbodbdyibqagjim,
bbbbbbbb5bDyibsaadlmfgdhbasbdyibsaizogpbSiqbasbdyibqommfamh

{SiqbqommfamhbnozigdijbRmigjin'hbjihdm.cdfagp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyabrotijbagbdyibsaad-dmockhbasbdyibfgrnamfa.hbcmiod.mi
bbbbbbbbbbYfhblomdfgrbsmazbnfsiblofgijbvimxbjiilnx,
bbbbbbbbbbYaq,bqiomxbfgbhlfmfd,bassbsmazbdyahibmirfagh
bbbbbbbbbbFgbcazuodhbcagw.imijbyibcommfijbyfhbdmocih,
bbbbbbb10bSodijbogjbsnxfgr,bdabdyibsnaajbasbdyibgfckimhp

{Rmigjin'hbunaajbjxihbdyibqodimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyimibfgbunaajxbufnnaqhbu.uunijbdyibc.mmigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibogrmxbijjxbqohbivimxqyimibzfgrnij
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhiidyfgrbqfdybrami,bqinnfgrbqfdybhqamj-unaaj;[1]
bbbbbbbbbbYibjiody-jaazijbyojbyfjbyfz,bqyigbmiovijbasbyfhb axogci
bbbbbbb15bYibnofjbjaqgbyfhbnfsibfgbdyibnofmbyibyojbsnijbda,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyiodyigfhybhlfmfd,bqyimibyinnbjfjbmicifvibyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigcibdyibsmfigjhbsmazbasbanjbuockqomjbd.mgijbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbzogxbobxa.gkimbsmazbzimmxbojvigd.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbHdmfjfgrbdyifmbhdonnfagh,bhda.dbsmazbdyibhioqomj,
bbbbbbb20bYimaihbagbyamhihpbDyimibqimibyiomjbvimxbasdig

{Uiaq.nsbfhbdyibyimabasbdyibya.mp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.ns'hblmofhih;bzogxbasdigbohhimdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbgifdyimbha.dybgambgamdy,bfgbdyibcfmc.fdbasbqodimh,

{Yibfhbmiromjijbohboblmauounibh.ccihhambdabYmadyromp}

bbbbbbbbbbA'imba.dhdmidcyfgrbiomdy-lnofg,bgagibadyimbqohbuiddim
bbbbbbbbbb'Zfjbuiomimhbasbqom-hyfinjh,bzamibqamdyxbdabravimg,
bbbbbbb25b'GiodybdyibomcybasbdyibidyimpbGadbogx,byaqivim,
bbbbbbbbbb'Rofghdbdyibsmfigj-namjbz.ddimij,bzackfgr-qamjhb.ddimij

{U.dbgabqamjbfhb.ddimijbdabjimarodibsmazbdyibanjbkfgr}

bbbbbbbbbbAsbYmadyrombdyibrmocfa.hb(obraajbkfgrbyi)p
bbbbbbbbbbAsdbdyibsozijbagihblimzfddijbdyifmbsonnaq-hkfggijbyamhih
[31]bbbbbbDabm.gbfgbmfvonmx,bmocfgrbogjbcyohfgr,
bbbbbbb30bQyimibdyibsfinjqoxhbolliomijbdabdyizbsofmbogjbfgvfdfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbKgaqgbsambdyifmbiecinnigci;basdbobdyogibasbdyibsank-namj,[2]

{Dyibrniizogbhfgrhbdyibjiijhbasbyimaihp}

bbbbbbbbbb[3]Obzogbasbciniumfdx,bzfgjs.nbasbmyxdyzh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabogcfigdbdmojfdfaghbdmioh.mijbfgbzizamx,
bbbbbbbbbbGiqbqamj-rma.lhbsa.gjblmalimnxbua.gj:
bbbbbbb35bDyibuomjbosdimb'rogbdyigbUiaq.ns'hbvigd.mi

{Yibhfgrhbfgbonnfdimodfvibzioh.mihbasbUiaq.ns'hblmaqihhp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfhinxbdabdinnbas,bogjbqamjhbdyodbqimibcnivim
bbbbbbbbbbDab.ddimbhkfns.nnx,biomgihdnxbhliokfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbIvimxdyfgrbdanjbyibdyodbyibyiomjbohbdabHfrz.gj'h

{OnhabasbHfriz.gj,bqyabyohbhnofgbobrmiodbsfmi-jmoragp}

bbbbbbbbbbZfrydxbocyfivizigdh,bzogxbdyfgrhbyfjjig,
bbbbbbb40bDyibhdmfsibasbdyibQænhfgr,bdyibqfji-rafgrbvigd.mih
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcyfnjmigbasbzigbkgiqbasbu.dbnfddni,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsi.jbogjbdyibs.mx,bu.dbSfdinobqfdybyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbh.cynfkibzoddimhbyibzfgjijbdabhliokbas,
bbbbbbbbbb.gcnibdabgilyiq,bohbfgbivimxbcagdigdfag
bbbbbbb45bIocybdabadyimbqohbivimbjivadij:
bbbbbbbbbbObg.zima.hbyahdbasbdyibmocibasbdyibhcodyimh
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbyojbhnofgbqfdybdyibhqamj-ijripbDabHfrz.gjboccm.ijbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbGabnfddnibasbrnamx,bqyigbyfhbnfsi-joxhbqimibavim,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibyibhd.mjxbfgbhdm.rrnibyojbjihdmaxijbdyibrmiodbjmorag,
bbbbbbb50bDyibyaomj-dmioh.mi'hbkiilim;b'giodybdyibyaom-rmoxfhybhdagibyi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagbasbdyibodyinfgr,b.gofjijbojvigd.mij
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblimfna.hblma icd;bgadblmihigdbqohbSfdino,
bbbbbbbbbbXidbdyibsamd.gibuisinnbyfzbasbsamcfgrbyfhbqiolag
bbbbbbbbbbDyma.rybdyibzomvinna.hbjmorag,bdyodbfdbhdaajbfgbdyibqonn,
bbbbbbb55bQinn-yagamijbqiolag;bdyibqamzbqohbhno.rydimijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmiodbagibyojbrofgijbdyigbuxbyfhbrnamfa.hbocyfivizigd
bbbbbbbbbbDabmiolbsmazbdyibmfgr-yaomjbmfcyihdbig axzigd,
[32]bbbbbbOhbuihdbfdbjfjblniohibyfz:byfhbvihhinbyibnaojij,
bbbbbbbbbbHyfgfgrbamgozigdhbagbdyibhyfl'hbuahazbcommfij,
bbbbbbb60bKfghzogbasbQænh:bdyibjmokibfgbyiodbzindijp

{Hfriz.gjbqohbqfjinxbsozijp}

bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbsomdyihdbsozijbasbs.rfdfviblfnrmfzh,
bbbbbbbbbbZfjbqfji-hcoddimijbqamnj-sank,bsambqamkhbasbrmiodblmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbQom-dmaalimh'bhyindim:byigcibqoeijbyibfgbyagamp[4]

{Yimizaj,bogb.gsamd.godibJogfhybkfgr,bfhbfgdmaj.cijbuxbqoxbasbcagdmohdp}

bbbbbbbbbbOsdimqomjbYimizaj'hbyima-hdmigrdybsofnijbyfz,
bbbbbbb65bYfhbvframbogjbvonampb'Zfjbvigaza.hbyodimh
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibyogjhbasbsaizigbyibqohbsa.nnxbjinfvimij,
bbbbbbbbbbAssjmfvigbiomnxpbOragx-ufnnaqh

{.gnfkibHfriz.gjbogjbUiaq.ns,bYimizajbqohbobu.mjigbdabyfhblialnip}

bbbbbbbbbbAllmihhijbyfzbdaabnagr,bdabyfhblialnibyibuicozibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbDabonnbdyibodyinfgrh,bogbivim-rmiodbu.mjig;
bbbbbbb70bOgjbdyibjomfgrbagi'hb a.mgixbfgbjoxhbasbxami
bbbbbbbbbbZogxbqfhibzigbqimibqagdbdabjilnami,
bbbbbbbbbbH.cybohbyalijbyibqa.njbumfgrbdyizbyinlbfgbdyifmbhammaq,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibhagbasbdyifmbm.nimbhya.njbmfhibfgdablaqim,
bbbbbbbbbbYanjfgrbdyibyiojhyflbyinjbuxbyfhbsodyimh,
bbbbbbb75bHya.njbravimgbdyiblialni,bdyibranj-yaomjbogjbuama.ry,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibkfgrjazbasbyimaih,bdyibmionzbasbdyibHcxnjfgrhp

{Uiaq.nsbfhbogbyagambdabyfhbmocip}

bbbbbbbbbbYibdabonnbzigbuicozibdyigbsombzamibuinavij,
bbbbbbbbbbYfrinoc'hbkfghzog,bdabkfgjmijhbogjbmocih,
bbbbbbbbbbDabyfhbsmfigjhbz.cybjiomim;byfzbzonfcibohho.ndijp--

{Dyibhdamxbfhbmih.zijp}

bbbbbbb80bAsdbm.ggfgrbogjbmocfgrbagbmaojhdimhbdyixbzioh.mij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibj.g-canamijbyfryqoxhpbDyigbdyibnfrydbasbdyibzamgfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQohby.mmfijbogjbyohdigijpbQigdbyigcyzigbfgbg.zuimh
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibuio.dfs.nbu.fnjfgr,buanjbagihbfgbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbDabnaakbodbdyibqagjim;bdyibnfirinamjbyfzhinsbdyig
bbbbbbb85bSmazbyfhbqfsi-uaqimbqigjfgr,bqomjigbasbdmioh.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbRnamfa.hbdmajbqfdybdmaalimhb.gg.zuimij,
bbbbbbbbbbSozijbsambyfhbvfmd.ih,bogjbqfdybyfzbdyibw.iig-qfsi
bbbbbbbbbbZioh.mijbdyibzioj-qoxh,bqfdybzofjighboddigjfgrp

bbbb[1]bHpbizigjh,bh.rrihdfgrb'jéal'bsamb'jéar,'bogjbmizavfgrbhizfcanag
bbbbosdimb'qéanp'bDyibdqabyons-nfgihb'qinnfgrbpppbyfjbyfz'bqa.njbdyig
bbbbmioj:b_Dyibunaajxbjiilbqinnijbqfdybhqamj-rami_pbUpboccildhb'jéal'bsam
bbbb'jéar,'bu.dbmiojhb'jéoð-særih':b_Dyibjiilbuafnijbqfdybdyibhqamj-rami
bbbbasbdyibjiody-jaazijbagi_p

bbbb[2]bOgadyimbogjbw.fdibjfssimigdbmigjimfgrbasbdyfhblohhoribfhboh
bbbbsannaqh:b_Asdbobnfirizogbasbdyibkfgr,bobsozi-cavimijbzogbzfgjs.nbas
bbbbhagrh,bqyabvimxbzogxbogcfigdbdmojfdfaghbmizizuimijb(yibsa.gjbadyim
bbbbqamj-rma.lhbocc.modinxbua.gjbdaridyim)buirogbosdimqomjbdabdinnbas
bbbbUiaq.ns'hbojvigd.mi,bhkfns.nnxbdabgommodibfd,bidc_p

bbbb[3]bZfrydb'r.zobrfnl-ynojig'bziogb'obzogbnojigbqfdybuaohdhbasbdyi
bbbbjiijhbasbadyimh'?

bbbb[4]bdpUpboccildhbUp'hb'yébþæhbámagbþáy'bohbrfvigbuxbYp-Hap,bu.dbl.dhbo
bbbbcazzobosdimb'þáy,'bogjbdokihb'hfððog'bohbfgdmaj.cfgrbobjiligjigd
bbbbcno.hi:b_YibdymavibfgbyagambhfgcibYimizaj'hbhdmigrdybpppbyoj
bbbbjicmiohij_p

[33]




EVp

YMADYROM'HbRMODFD.JIp


bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombjfhca.mhijb(dabdyibyonn-u.fnjfgrbqigdbyi,
bbbbbbbbbbYibhdaajbuxbdyiblfnnom,[1]bhoqbdyibhdiil-mfhfgrbyonn-maas
bbbbbbbbbbRniozfgrbqfdybranj-rizh,bogjbRmigjinbyfhbyogjbdyimi):

{Ymadyrombrfvihbdyogkhbsambdyibavimdymaqbasbdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Sambdyibhfrydbqibuiyanjbgaq,bdyogkhbdabdyibQfinjim
bbbbbbbb5bIomnxbuibassimij!bZ.cybivfnbFbufjij,
bbbbbbbbbbHgomfgrbsmazbRmigjin:[2]bRajbcogbi'imb'cazlnfhy
bbbbbbbbbbQagjimbagbqagjim,bQfinjimbasbRnamx!

{Fbyojbrfvigb.lbonnbyali,bqyigbdyfhbumovibnfirizogbcozibdaba.mbofjp}

bbbbbbbbbbU.dbnodinxbFbmickagijbgi'imb.gjimbyiovig
bbbbbbbbbbCazsamdbdabrofgbzibsambogxbasbhammaqh,
bbbbbbb10bQyfnibdyibyogjhazihdbasbya.hihbyammfjbqfdybunaajhdofg
bbbbbbbbbbRamxb.ldaqimij;brmfisbyojbasssmfrydigij[3]
bbbbbbbbbbIocybasbdyibqfhibagihbqyabqiigijbgadbdyodbivim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsank-dmaal'hbjisigcihb'rofghdbsaihbdyixbhya.njbhdmigrdyig,
bbbbbbbbbb'RofghdbhlmfdihbogjbzaghdimhpbDyma.rybdyibzfrydbasbdyibQfinjim
bbbbbbb15bObja.rydxbmidofgimbyodybobjiijbgaqboccazlnfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybimhdqyfnibqibonnbqfdyba.mbiecinnigdbqfhjaz

{Fsbyfhbzadyimbxidbnfvidy,bqinnbzoxbhyibdyogkbRajbsambdyfhbhagp}

bbbbbbbbbbSofnijbdablimsamzpbZoxbossfmzbvimxbdm.nx
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbqazogbhaivimbfgbonnbasbdyibgodfagh
bbbbbbbbbbRovibufmdybdabdyibcyfnj,bfsbxidbhyibh.mvfvidy,
bbbbbbb20bDyodbdyibnagr-m.nfgrbNamjbqohbnovfhybdabyimqomj
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibufmdybasbdyibuofmgpbGaq,bUiaq.nsbjiom,

{Yimiosdim,bUiaq.ns,bdya.bhyondbuibzxbhagp}

bbbbbbbbbbZahdbiecinnigdbyima,bF'nnbnavibdyiibfgbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbOhbuofmgbasbzxbuajx;buiombqinnbyigcisamqomj
bbbbbbbbbbDyibminodfaghyflbgiqpbGabnockbhyonnbuisonnbdyii
bbbbbbb25bAsbiomdy- axhbogxbFbivimbcogbrfvibdyiip
bbbbbbbbbbS.nnbasdigbsambnihhimbhimvfcibF'vibrfvig
[34]bbbbbbYimabnihhbyomjxbyaomj-dmioh.miblmicfa.h,

{Dya.byohdbqagbfzzamdonbjfhdfgcdfagp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabobqiokimbfgbqom-hdmfsipbUxbqamkhbasbjfhdfgcdfag
bbbbbbbbbbDya.byohdbrofgijbsambdyxhinsbgaqbdyodbdyxbrnamxbhyonnbsna.mfhy
bbbbbbb30bSamivimbogjbivimpbDyibOnn-M.nimbw.fdibdyii
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybraajbsmazbYfhbyogjbohbYibyfdyimdabjfjbdyii!"

{Uiaq.nsbmilnfih:bFbqohbzahdbyollxbdabmigjimbdyiibdyfhbhimvfcip}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsboghqimij,bIcrdyiaq'hbasshlmfgr:
bbbbbbbbbb"Dyodbnouambasbrnamxbzahdbrnojnxbocyfivijbqi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcazuodboccazlnfhyij,b.gw.ofnfgrbqibvigd.mij
bbbbbbb35bDyibigizx'hbrmollni;bFbqa.njbrmogdbfdbz.cybmodyim
bbbbbbbbbbDya.bqimdbounibdabnaakbodbdyibcmiod.mibfgblimhag,
bbbbbbbbbbSofgdb.gdabsonnfgr,bdyibsaibfgbyfhbdmollfgrh!
bbbbbbbbbbAgbz.mjim-uijbw.fcknxbFbzfgjijbdabufgjbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybsfmz-yanjfgrbsiddimh,bdyodbsamcijbuxbzxbrmollni
bbbbbbb40bNaqbyibhya.njbnfibfgbnfsi-ogj-jiodybhdm.rrni
bbbbbbbbbb'Nihhbyfhbuajxbihcoli;bFbqohbqyannxb.gouni,

{Fbca.njbgadbkiilbdyibzaghdimbsmazbihcolfgr,bohbRajbjfjbgadbqfnnbdyodbF
hya.njp}

bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibRajbjfjbgadbqfnnbfd,bdabkiilbyfzbsmazbrafgr,
bbbbbbbbbbGadbyinjbyfzbdyodbsfmznx,byodijballahim;
bbbbbbbbbbDaabhqfsdbqohbdyibsaizogpbXidbhosidxbmiromjfgr
bbbbbbb45bYibh.ssimijbyfhbyogjbuiyfgjbyfzbdabnfgrim,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbomzbogjbhya.njim,bdabocdbohbqodcyim;

{Yibnisdbyfhbyogjbogjbomzbuiyfgjp}

bbbbbbbbbbGabhyojaqbasbhanocibdyibqai-uiragibcmiod.mi
bbbbbbbbbbSa.gjbyfzbdyimibgodynihh:bdyibyodijbjihdmaxim
bbbbbbbbbbNfvidybgabnagrim,bnohyijbsambyfhbivfnh,
bbbbbbb50bU.dbhammaqbyodybhiftijbyfz,bfgbhgomi-zihyihbyodybyfz
bbbbbbbbbbCnahibfgbfdhbcn.dcyih,bkiilidybyfzbqmfdyfgr
bbbbbbbbbbFgbuonis.nbuagjh:bdyimibuogfhyijbsambivfn
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzogbhyonnbqofdbsambdyibzfrydxbdmfu.gon,

{Rajbqfnnbrfvibyfzbyfhbjihimdhp}

bbbbbbbbbbYaqbdyibRajbasbrnamxbhyonnbrfvibyfzbyfhbiomgfgrhp"
bbbbbbb55bDyigbdyibhanjfimbkildbhfnigd,bhagbasbanjbIcrnos,

{.gsimdybyohbgadyfgrbzamibdabhox,bsambUiaq.ns'hbocdfaghbhliokbna.jimbdyog
qamjhp}

bbbbbbbbbbSmazbuaohdfgrbogjbumorrfgrbasbuoddni-ocyfivizigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdyiblmfgcihbuiyinjbdyimibdyibyogjbdyodbjiligjij
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybdyibnasdxbyonn-dfzuimhbuxbdyibzfrydbasbdyibgaunizog,
bbbbbbbbbbIocybagibuisamibyfz,bdyibigizx'hbsfgrimh;
bbbbbbb60bIocybsfgrim-gofnbhdmagrbhdiinbzahdbmihizunij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyiodyigbagi'hbyogj-hl.m,bdyibyima-fg-uoddni'h
bbbbbbbbbbCnoqbzahdb.gcoggx;bw.adybdyixbormiifgr,

[35]

{Gabhqamjbqfnnbyomzbdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbgadbogxbiecinnigdbijrihbasbumovibagih
bbbbbbbbbbQohbqfnnfgrbdabda.cybyfz,bdyibdimmfunibcmiod.mi'h
bbbbbbb65bUoddni-yogjbunaajxbdabuiomboqoxbsmazbyfzp

bbbb[1]bUpbogjbdpUpbmiojb'hdoþani,'bogjbdmoghnodib_hdaajbagbdyibsnaam_p

bbbb[2]bSamb'hgomfgrbsmazbRmigjin,'b'hammaqhbodbRmigjin'hbyogjh'byohbuiig
bbbbh.rrihdijpbDyfhbrfvihboblomonninbdab'náðihp'b'Rmxggo'bzoxbqinnbuibrigp
bbbblnpbasb'rxmg,'buxbobhcmfuonbhnflp

bbbb[3]bDyibYp-Habl.gcd.odfagbyohbuiigbsannaqij;bu.dbUpbyohbuiigbsannaqij
bbbbfgb.gjimhdogjfgrb'riyqxncgi'bohbau icdbasb'qíj-hcasigb(yæsji)p'bRmp
bbbbcaghdm.ihb'qéo'bohbgazbouhp




EVFp

YMADYROMbNOVFHYIHbRFSDHb.LAGbYFHbJINFVIMIMp


{Yiamadbfhbojamgijbqfdybyogjhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbhdmofrydbqohbamjimijbdyodbYiamadbfghfji[1]
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybyogjhbuibizuinnfhyij:bobyahdbasbdyizbrodyimij,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbzigbogjbqazig,bqyabdyibqohhofnfgr-u.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibr.ihd-yonnbuiriomijpbRanj-snohyfgrbhlomknij
bbbbbbbb5bQiuhbagbdyibqonnhbdyig,basbqagjimhbobzogx
bbbbbbbbbbDabiocybasbdyibyimaihbdyodbnaakbagbh.cybau icdhp

{Dyibyonnbfhbjisocij,byaqivimp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibuio.dfs.nbu.fnjfgrbqohbumakigbdablficih
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybonnbqfdyfgbqfdybfmaghbqohbsohdigij,
bbbbbbbbbbFdhbyfgrihbdamgbass:bagnxbdyibmaasbqoh
bbbbbbb10bQyanibogjb.gfg .mijbqyigbdyibyammfunibcmiod.mi
bbbbbbbbbbA.dnoqijbsambivfnbassbyojbuidokigbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbYalinihhbasbnfvfgrpb'Dfhbyomjbdabovafjbfd

{[Obvor.iblohhoribasbsfvibvimhihp]}

bbbbbbbbbb(Qyaivimbqfnnbjabfd!);bu.dbyibja.udnihhbz.hdbcazibda[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblnociboqofdfgr,bohbQxmjbyodybollafgdij,
bbbbbbb15bHa.n-uiomimh,biomdy-jqinnimh,biomnhb.gjimbyiovig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibua.gjbagbfdhbuijbyfhbuajxbhyonnbhn.zuim

{Ymadyrombraihbdabdyibuogw.idp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbsiohdfgrbfhbsfgfhyijpbS.nnbqohbdyibdfzibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibhagbasbYionsjigibqigdbdabdyibu.fnjfgr;
[36]bbbbbbDyibiecinnigdbodyinfgrbqa.njbiodbasbdyibuogw.idp
bbbbbbb20bGi'imbyiomjbFbdyodblialnibqfdybyima-uogjbnomrim
bbbbbbbbbbUomibdyizbuiddimbdaq'mjhbdyifmbumocinid-uihdaqimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnojig-qfdy-rnamxbhdaalijbdabdyibuigcybdyig
bbbbbbbbbb(Dyifmbkfghzig-cazlogfaghbfgblnigdxbqimib axs.n,
bbbbbbbbbbZogxbobc.ls.nbw.ossfgrbcazlnofhogdnx),
bbbbbbb25bJa.rydxbasbhlfmfdbfgbdyibyfry-daq'mfgrblonoci,

{Ymadyrom'hbgilyiq,bYmady.ns,bfhblmihigdp}

bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombogjbYmady.nspbYiamadbdyigbfghfji
bbbbbbbbbbQohbsfnnijbqfdybsmfigjnxbagih;bsonhiyaajbogjbdmiocyimx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibSank-Hcxnjfgrhbgaqbgaqfhibjfjblmocdfhip

{Ymadyrombnovfhyihbrfsdhb.lagbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibasshlmfgrbasbYionsjigibassimijbdabUiaq.ns
bbbbbbb30bObranjigbhdogjomj,bohbmiqomjbsambdyibvfcdamx,
bbbbbbbbbbObuoggimbizuahhij,bu.mgfibogjbyinzid;
bbbbbbbbbbZogxbzigbhoqbdyigbobhagr-soza.hbqiolag
bbbbbbbbbbUamgib'samibdyibyimapbUiaq.nsbjmogkbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibc.lbfgbdyibu.fnjfgr;bdyodbdmioh.mi-uihdaqfgr
bbbbbbb35bYibgiijijbgadbun.hybsambfgbuoddni-zig'hblmihigcip

{Sa.mbyogjhazimbrfsdhbqimibgivimblmihigdijp}

bbbbbbbbbbGi'imbyiomjbFbdyodbzogxbzigbagbdyiboni-uigcy
bbbbbbbbbbFgbsmfigjnfimbsohyfagbdabdyifmbsinnaqhblmihigdij
bbbbbbbbbbSa.mbumfrydb iqinhbqfdybranj-qamkbizuinnfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbb'Ma.gjbdyibmaasbasbdyibyinzidbobyioj-r.omjimba.dhfji
bbbbbbb40bUmofjijbqfdybqfmih,bqfdybuahhihbqohbs.mgfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbhqamjh-sam-dyi-uoddnibsfryd-yomjigijbzfrydbsofn
bbbbbbbbbbUanjnxbdabyomzbyfz,bqyigbdyibyimablmaciijij

{Ymadyrombcazzogjhbdyodbifrydbsfginxbcolomfhagijbhdiijhbuibuma.rydbda
Uiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbSamdyborofghdbsaizigpbDyibjisigjimbasbiomnhbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbCazzogjijbdyodbifrydbhdiijhbqfdybumfjnih
bbbbbbb45bRanj-lnodij,brniozfgr,buibr.fjijbdabyonnqomj,
bbbbbbbbbbFghfjibdyibu.fnjfgr;bagbagibasbdyizbhdaajbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbOgbomd-umafjimijbhojjnibizuinnfhyijbqfdyb iqinh;
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbdyibhavimifrg'hbhiod,bqyigbdyibhagbasbKfgrbYionsjigi
bbbbbbbbbbQohblniohijbdabdokiblomdbfgbdyiblnoxbasbdyibijrih;
bbbbbbb50bDyibsoza.hbagi'hbvonambgi'imbsofnijbodbdyibsmagdbqyig
bbbbbbbbbbHnofgbagihbqimibuaqfgrpbOgjbdabUiaq.nsbrmogdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblmfgcibasbdyibFgrqfgh,blaqimbavimbuady,
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbqom-hdiijhbogjbqiolagh;buojibyfzbqinnbdabig axbdyizp
bbbbbbbbbbFgbhabzognxbobzoggimbdyibzfrydx-sozijbcyfisdofg,
[37]bbb55bYaomj-qomjbasbyimaih,bqfdybyamhihbogjb iqinh
bbbbbbbbbbQom-hdamzhbmiw.fdij,bdyodbgagibi'imbcagjizgidy
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqfnnidybdabdinnbdm.dybqfdybs.nnb .hdfcip

bbbb[1]bKnpbh.rrihdhb'ymajig'bsamb'yádig,'bogjbmigjimh:b_Dyigbw.fcknxbqoh
bbbbYiamadbojamgijbqfdyfg,bqfdybyogjhbuijickij_p--Upbh.rrihdhb'rismædqag'
bbbbfghdiojbasb'rismædqaj,'bogjbmigjimh:b_Dyigbqohbfdbcazzogjijbdabojamg
bbbbYiamadbqfdyfgbw.fcknxbqfdybyogjh_p--Dyibsamzimbyohbdyibojvogdoribas
bbbbossamjfgrboblomonninbdab'rismædqaj':buadybyovibdyibjfhojvogdoribas
bbbbondimfgrbdyibdiedp

bbbb[2]bDyiblohhorib1005-1009bhiizhbdabuibyalinihhpbAgibjfssfc.ndblafgdbfh
bbbbdabsfgjbobh.u icdbsamb'rihocogp'bHazibhoxb'yi';badyimhbh.llnxb'iocy,'
bbbb_fpip,bivimxbha.n-uiomimbpppbz.hdbrofgbdyibfgivfdouniblnoci_pbDyi
bbbbrigfdfvihbfgbdyfhbcohibomiblomdfdfvip--Fsb'yi'buibh.u p,bdyibrigfdfvih
bbbbomibjiligjigdbagb'riomqi'b(=blmilomij)p--Dyib'yi'bfdhinsbfhbjfhl.dij,
bbbbhazibmisimmfgrbfdbdabRmigjin;bu.dbUpbdokihbfdbohbfgvanvijbfgbdyi
bbbblomigdyihfhp




EVFFp

UOGW.IDb(_cagdfg.ij_)p--DYIbHCAL'HbHAGRbASbSFGGbOGJbYGÆSp


{IocybasbUiaq.ns'hbcazlogfaghbmicifvihbobcahdnxbrfsdp}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibodyinfgrbasbiomnzigbdabiocybasbdyibyimaih
bbbbbbbbbbQyabdyibqoxhbasbdyibqodimhbqigdbqfdybUiaq.ns,
bbbbbbbbbbObcahdnxbrfsd-dakigbrovibagbdyibzioj-uigcy,
bbbbbbbbbbAssimijbogbyifmnaaz,bogjbamjimijbdyodbdyodbzog

{DyibqommfambkfnnijbuxbRmigjinbfhbdabuiblofjbsambfgbranjp}

bbbbbbbb5bQfdybranjbhya.njbuiblofjbsam,bqyazbRmigjinbyojbimhdqyfni
bbbbbbbbbbQfckijnxbhno.rydimij,bohbyibzamibasbdyizbyojbjagi
bbbbbbbbbbYojbsom-hiifgrbRajbogjbdyibzaajbasbdyibyima
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsodibgadbovimdij:bdyibSodyimbdyigbravimgij
bbbbbbbbbbOnnbasbdyibiomdy-jqinnimh,bohbYibivimbfhbjafgr;
bbbbbbb10bYigcibfghfrydbsambonnbzigbfhbivimxqyimibsfddihd,
bbbbbbbbbbSamidya.rydbasbhlfmfd!bz.cybyibhyonnbh.ssim
bbbbbbbbbbAsbnfisbogjbasbnaodyhazibqyabnagrbfgbdyfhblmihigd
bbbbbbbbbb.hidybdyibqamnjbfgbdyfhbqas.nbiefhdigcip
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqohbz.hfcbogjbzimmfzigdbzfgrnfgrbdaridyim

{Ymadyrom'hbhcalbmiconnhbivigdhbfgbdyibmifrgbasbyfhbnamj'hbsodyimp}

bbbbbbb15bDa.cyfgrbYionsjigi'hbniojim;bdyib ax-qaajbqohbsfgrimij,
bbbbbbbbbbZioh.mihbmicfdij,bqyigbdyibhfgrimbasbYmadyrom
bbbbbbbbbbAgbzioj-uigcybhya.njbzigdfagbdyibzimmxbyonn- axogci
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibkfghzigbasbSfgg,bqyigbaghidbh.mlmfhijbdyiz:

{Ygæs,bdyibJogfhybrigimon,bfhbdmiocyima.hnxboddockijbqyfnibhdoxfgrbod
Sfgg'hbcohdnip}

bbbbbbbbbb"DyibYons-Jogfhybyima,bYgæsbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbb20bAgbdyibsfinjbasbdyibSmfhfoghbqohbsodijbdablimfhyp
bbbbbbbbbbH.mibYfnjiu.mrbgiijijbgadbzigdfagbollmavfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsofdybasbdyib .dizig:bdya.rybunozinihhbigdfminx,

{W.iigbYfnjiu.mrbfhbgadbagnxbqfsibasbSfgg,bu.dbobkfghqazogbasbdyibz.mjimij
Ygæsp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbhyfinjhbqimibhyfvimijbhyibqohbhyamgbasbyimbjomnfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbuofmghbogjbumadyimh:bdyixbuigdbdabdyifmbsodi
bbbbbbb25bQfdybqom-hliombqa.gjij;bqaibqohbdyodbqazogp
bbbbbbbbbbGadbco.hinihhbnozigdijbdyibjo.rydimbasbYaci
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjicmiibasbdyibQfinjimbqyigbzamgfgr-nfrydbcozibogj
bbbbbbbbbbHyibqohbounib'giodybyiovigbdabuiyanjbdyibjihdm.cdfag
[38]bbbbbbAsbumadyimhbogjbuofmgh,bqyimibdyibumfrydihdbasbiomdy- axh

{Sfgg'hbsamcibfhbonzahdbiedimzfgodijp}

bbbbbbb30bHyibyojbyfdyimdabyoj:bonnbdyibyigcyzigbasbSfgg
bbbbbbbbbbQombyojbassdokig,bhovibobyogjs.nbmizofgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbyibgaqfhibqohbounibdabassimbmihfhdogci[1]

{Yigrihdbh.cciijhbYgæsbohbJogfhybrigimonp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibaghidbasbYigrihdbfgbdyiblomnixbasbuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbGambdyibqmidcyijbmizgogdbdabmihc.ibfgbqombsmaz
bbbbbbb35bDyibiomnbasbdyibodyinfgr;bu.dbdyixbassimijbcagjfdfagh,

{CazlocdbuidqiigbdyibSmfhfoghbogjbdyibJogihp}

bbbbbbbbbbOgadyimbrmiodbu.fnjfgrbdabs.nnxbzokibmiojx,
bbbbbbbbbbObyonnbogjbobyfry-hiod,bdyodbyonsbdyixbzfrydbm.nibqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhaghbasbdyib .dizig,bogjbdyodbSancqonjo'hbhagbqa.nj
bbbbbbbbbbJoxbosdimbjoxbdyibJogizigbyagam
bbbbbbb40bQyigbrfsdhbqimibrfvfgr,bogjbrmogdbasbyfhbmfgr-hdami
bbbbbbbbbbDabYigrihd'hbiomn-dmaalbivimbhabsmiinx,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbyfhbranj-lnodijb iqinh,bohbyibigca.morijbdyibSmfhfogh

{Iw.onfdxbasbrfsdhbormiijbagp}

bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibuigcybasbdyibuiim-yonnpbAgbuadybhfjihbdyixbhqamibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbObsohd-ufgjfgrbcazlocd;bSfggb.gdabYigrihd
bbbbbbb45bQfdybgabdya.rydbasbmivakfgrbvaqijbdyigbzahdbhanizgnx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqai-uiragibmizgogdbqinnbdabdokibcyomribas,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbQfdogbojvfhfgr;bdyibormiizigdbhya.njbgabagi
bbbbbbbbbbUxbqamjhbambqamkhbqiokigbogjbhyoddim,
bbbbbbbbbbUxbomdfsfcibivimbfg .mibfdhbvon.i,
bbbbbbb50bDya.rybmiovijbasbdyifmbm.nimbdyifmbmfgr-rfvim'hbhnoxim
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbsannaqijbohbvohhonh,bSodibhabmiw.fmfgr:

{Gabagibhyonnbmisimbdabanjbrm.jrihp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbfsbagibasbdyibSmfhfoghbdyibw.omminbhya.njbhliokbas
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdagihbdyodbqimibdo.gdfgr,bdimmfunibijrih
bbbbbbbbbbHya.njbc.dbfgbmiw.fdonpbOccazlnfhyijbdyibaodybqoh,
bbbbbbb55bOgjbdmioh.mibasbranjbsmazbdyibyaomjbqohb.lnfsdijp

{Jogfhybqommfamhbomibu.mgijbagbobs.gimon-lxmip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibuihdbasbdyibHcxnjfgrbumovihbqohbdyigbs.nnx
bbbbbbbbbbLmilomijbsambdyiblfni;bodbdyiblxmibqohbhiigbcniomnx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunaaj-ramxbu.mgfi,bdyibuaombqfdybyfhbrfnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibfmag-yomjbhqfgi,bodyinfgrhbzogx
bbbbbbb60bSodonnxbqa.gjij;bgabsiqbyojbuiigbhno.rydimijp
bbbbbbbbbbYfnjiu.mrbuojibdyig,bodbdyibu.mgfgrbasbYgæs,

[39]

{W.iigbYfnjiu.mrbyohbyimbhagbu.mgdbonagrbqfdybYgæsp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibuofmgbasbyimbuahazbdabuiombdabdyibsfmi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbyfhbuajxbuibu.mgijbogjbuamgibdabdyiblxmip
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqai-hdmfckigbqazogbqildbagbyfhbhya.njim,[2]
bbbbbbb65bFgbzioh.mihbnozigdij;b.lza.gdijbdyibyimap[3]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmiodihdbasbjioj-sfmihbc.mnijbdabdyibqinkfg,
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibyfnn'h-smagdbcmocknij;byiojhbqimibo-zindfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQa.gj-jaamhbu.mhdfgr,bqyfnibdyibunaajbqohbo-ca.mhfgr
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbuajx-ufdibsfimcipbDyibsfmibjiva.mijbdyiz,
bbbbbbb70bRmiijfihdbasbhlfmfdh,bqyazbqombyojbasscommfij
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbuadybasbdyiblialnih;bdyifmbumovihdbqimibsonnigp

bbbb[1]bSamb1084,bMpbh.rrihdhb'qfydbYigrihdibqfðbrisiaydogp'--Kpbh.rrihdh
bbbb'qfðbYigrihdibqfydbrisiaydogp'bGifdyimbizigjodfagbqa.njbzokibogx
bbbbihhigdfonbcyogribfgbdyibdmoghnodfagp

bbbb[2]bDyibhilomodfagbasboj icdfvibogjbga.gbuxboblymohib(cspbvpb1118)
bbbbuifgrbvimxb.g.h.on,bhazibhcyanomhbyovibl.db'iomzibagbioeni'bqfdybdyi
bbbbsamirafgrbnfgih,bfghimdfgrbobhizfcanagbosdimb'ioenip'bFgbdyfhbcohib'ag
bbbbioei'b(_fpip_,bagbdyibohyih,bcfgjimh)bfhbhazidfzihbmioj,bogjbdyfh
bbbbossamjhboblomonninbdab'agbuænp'bNidb.hbyalibdyodbobhodfhsocdamx
bbbbmigjimfgrbhyonnbxidbuibmiocyijbqfdya.dbmihamdfgrbdabogxbdozlimfgrbqfdy
bbbbdyibdied,bh.cybohbNfcydigyinjblmalahij:b'iomzibfjihbagbioeni
bbbbrgamgajip'

bbbb[3]bSamb'rúð-mfgc,'b'rúð-méc,'b_uoddni-hzaki_,byohbuiigbh.rrihdijp




EVFFFp

DYIbSFGGbILFHAJIb(_cagdfg.ij_)p--DYIbUOGW.IDbCAGDFG.IHp


{Dyibh.mvfvamhbrabdabSmfihnogj,bdyibyazibasbSfggp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Dyigbdyibqommfamhbjilomdijbdabrabdabdyifmbjqinnfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbMiovijbasbdyifmbsmfigjh,bSmfihnogjbdabvfhfd,
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbyazihbogjbyfry-cfdxpbYigrihdbcagdfg.ij

{Yigrihdbmizofghbdyimibonnbqfgdim,b.gounibdabridboqoxp}

bbbbbbbbbbUfjfgrbqfdybSfggbdyibunaaj-dofgdijbqfgdim,
bbbbbbbb5bQyannxb.gh.gjimij;[1]basbsodyimnogjbdya.rydbyi
bbbbbbbbbbDya.ryb.gounibdabjmfvibdyibmfgr-hdizzèjbvihhin
[40]bbbbbbA'imbdyibqoxhbasbdyibqodimh;bdyibqovi-jiilhbqimibdahhfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbSa.rydbqfdybdyibqfgj;bqfgdimbfgbfci-uagjh
bbbbbbbbbbCnahijb.lbdyibc.mmigdh,bdfnnbdyimibcozibdabdyibjqinnfgr
bbbbbbb10bObxiombfgbfdhbca.mhi,bohbxidbfdbmivanvidy,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbhiohagblmalfdfa.hbagibonqoxbmiromjidy,
bbbbbbbbbbQamnj-cyiimfgrbqiodyimhpbDyigbqfgdimbqohbragi,
bbbbbbbbbbIomdy'hbuahazbqohbnavinx;bdyibiefnibqa.njbridbyfz,

{Yibjivfhihbhcyizihbasbvigriogcip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibr.ihdbsmazbdyiblonoci;bagbrmiqhazihdbvigriogci
bbbbbbb15bYibumaajijbzamibiorimbdyogbagbavimhiob a.mgixh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyi'mbaghid-as-ogrimbyibqimibounibdab'cazlnfhy,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuofmghbasbdyib .dizigbdyimifgbdabmizizuimp
bbbbbbbbbbGaqfhibmis.hijbyibdyibj.dfihbasbnfirizog
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbY.gbasbdyibSmfhfoghbdyibuoddni-hqamjbNásfgr,
bbbbbbb20bSofmihdbasbsoncyfagh,bsmfigjnxbjfjbrfvibyfz:
bbbbbbbbbbFdhbijrihbqimibsoza.hbfgbsank-donkbasb .dnogjp
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhovoribhqamj-s.mxbhiftijbfgbfdhbcn.dcyih
bbbbbbbbbbUanj-zaajijbSfggbqyimibyibuajibfgbyfhblonoci,

{R.dynosbogjbAhnosbmivigribYgæs'hbhno.rydimp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibrmiqhazibrmollnibR.dynosbogjbAhnos
bbbbbbb25bYojbza.mgs.nnxbzigdfagij,bdyibzimi- a.mgixbavim,
bbbbbbbbbbSambhammaqhbyons-unozijbyfz;bdyibsnfckimfgrbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbCa.njbgadbufjibfgbyfhbuahazpbDyigbdyibu.fnjfgrbqohbcavimij[2]

{Sfggbfhbhnofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdybcamlhihbasbsaizig,bogjbSfggbdaabqohbhno.rydimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibkfgrbqfdybyfhbcazmojih,bogjbdyibw.iigbzojiboblmfhagimp

{Dyib iqinhbasbSfgg,bogjbyfhbw.iigbomibcommfijboqoxbuxbdyibJogihp}

bbbbbbb30bDyibdmaalhbasbdyibHcxnjfgrhbuamibdabdyifmbvihhinh
bbbbbbbbbbOnnbdyodbdyibnogj-kfgrbyojbfgbyfhblonoci,
bbbbbbbbbbH.cybdmfgkidhbogjbdmioh.mihbdyixbdaakboh,bagbhiomcyfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOdbSfgg'hbdyixbca.njbsfgjpbDyixbsimmfijbdabJoginogj
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiecinnigdbqazogbagbavimhiob a.mgix,

{Dyibnoxbfhbcagcn.jij,bogjbdyibzofgbhdamxbfhbmih.zijp}

bbbbbbb35bNijbyimbdabdyifmbnogj-sankp"bDyibnoxbqohbcagcn.jij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrniizog'hbmicfdonpbHya.dhborofgbmahibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbUigcy-rniibmiha.gjij,buiomimhbdyigbassimij

{Hkfgkimhbcommxbma.gjbdyibuiokimp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfgibsmazbqagjim-vodhpbQionydyiabojvogcijbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbRafgrb'giodybranj-cmaqg,bqyimibdyibraajbagihbqimibhiodij

[41]

{W.iigbQionydyiaqbrmiidhbYmadyrom,bohbyibhfdhbuihfjibYmady.ns,byfh
gilyiqp}

bbbbbbb40b.gcnibogjbgilyiq;bdyifmbliocibqohbxidbz.d.on,
bbbbbbbbbbDm.ibiocybdabdyibadyimpbOgjb.gsimdybdyibhlakihzog
bbbbbbbbbbHodbodbdyibsiidbasbdyibnamjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh:
bbbbbbbbbbIocybdm.hdijbyfhbhlfmfdbdyodbyfhbzaajbqohbca.moria.h,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybodbsfrydbyibyojbsofnijbfgbsofdybdabyfhbkfghzigp
bbbbbbb45bHofjbdyibw.iigbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh:b"Zxbnamjbogjblmadicdam,
bbbbbbbbbbDmioh.mi-uihdaqim,bdokibdya.bdyfhbuiokim;
bbbbbbbbbb axogciboddigjbdyii,branj-smfigjbasbyimaih,

{Uibrigima.hbdabdyibRiodhp}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbrmiidbdya.bdyibRiodzigbqfdybrmocfa.hbmihlaghih!
bbbbbbbbbbHaba.rydbagibdabjapbUibkfgjbdabdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbb50bFgbrfsdhbgadbgfrromjnx;bogiombogjbosombgaq
bbbbbbbbbbLiocibdya.big axihdpbMilamdbyodybfgsamzijbzi
bbbbbbbbbbDya.'ndbyovibsambobuofmgbdyibuoddni-umovibyimap
bbbbbbbbbbGaqbfhbYiamadbcnioghèj,bmfgr-lonocibrniozfgr;

{Yovibohbz.cyb axbohblahhfunibfgbdyxbyonn,bagcibzamibl.mfsfijp}

bbbbbbbbbbRfvibqyfnibdya.bzoxihdbzogxbmiqomjh,
bbbbbbb55bOgjbuiw.iodybdabdyxbkfghzigbkfgrjazbogjblialni,
bbbbbbbbbbAgbqigjfgrbdyxbqoxbdabdyibQfinjim'hbhlnigjamp
bbbbbbbbbbFbkgaqbraajbYmady.ns,bdyodbdyibgaunibxa.grbdmaalimh

{FbkgaqbdyodbYmady.nsbqfnnblmavibsofdys.nbfsbyibh.mvfvibdyiip}

bbbbbbbbbbYi'nnbcomibsambogjbyagam,bnamjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbiomdy- axhbdya.bigjihdbiomnfimbdyogbyibjady;
bbbbbbb60bFbmickagbdyodbmicazlighibyi'nnbmigjimbqfdybkfgjgihh
bbbbbbbbbbA.mbasshlmfgrbogjbfhh.i,bfsbdyodbonnbyibmizizuim,
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbsovamhbasbxami,bqyigbyibxidbqohbogbfgsogd,
bbbbbbbbbbQiboqomjijbdabyfzbsambyfhbqamhyflbogjblnioh.mip"
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbhyibd.mgijbuxbdyibuigcybqyimibyimbhaghbqimibcoma.hfgr,
bbbbbbb65bYmidymfcbogjbYmadyz.gj,bogjbdyibyimaih'basshlmfgr,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbhfddfgrbuxbdyibdqabmaxonbhaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqom-xa.dybdaridyim;bdyimibdyibraajbagibqohbhfddfgr
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqfedbdyibumadyimhbdqofg,bUiaq.nsbRiodzogp

bbbb[1]bSamb1130b(1)bMpbogjbRmpbh.rrihdb'ingib.gsnfdzi'bohb1098b(1)bmiojhp
bbbbDyibnoddimbvimhibfhb.gjfhl.dij;bogj,bsambdyibsamzim,b'ingi'bqa.njbui
bbbbohblahhfunibohb'ionnih,'bogjb'.gsnfdzi'bfhbqinnbh.llamdijpbOccildfgr
bbbb'ingib.gsnfdzi'bsambuady,bFbqa.njbh.rrihdb'_vimxbliociounx_'bsambuady
bbbblnocih:b(1)b_SfggbdabYigrihdbvimxbliociounxbvaqijbqfdybaodyh_,bidcp
bbbb(2)b_Yigrihdbdyigbhdfnnbdyibhno.rydim-hdofgijbqfgdimbmizofgijbdyimi
bbbbqfdybSfggbvimxbliociounx_pbDyibdqablohhorihbuicazibdy.hbcamminodfvih,
bbbbdyibhicagjbobhiw.inbasbdyibsfmhdpb'Ingi,'bfgbdyibhighibasbvimx
bbbb(hqíði),bgiijhbgabomr.zigd;bogjb'.gsnfdzi'b(smazb'snídog')bcog,bfd
bbbbhiizhbdabzi,buibzamiblno.hfunxbmigjimijb'liocis.n,'b'liociouni,'bdyog
bbbb'cagdihdouni,'bamb'cagw.imounip'

bbbb[2]bHazibhcyanomhbyoviblmalahijb'majig';bdyibnfgibqa.njbdyigbmioj:
bbbb_Dyigbdyibu.fnjfgrbqohbmijjigij,bidcp_,bfghdiojbasb'cavimijp'bDyib'y'
bbbbzoxbyovibuiigbcommfijbavimbsmazbdyibdymiibonnfdimodfgrb'y'hp'




EFEp

UIAQ.NSbMICIFVIHbS.MDYIMbYAGAMp


{ZamibrfsdhbomibassimijbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbObuiokimbqohbuamgibyfz,bogjbufjjfgrbdabw.ossbfd
bbbbbbbbbbRmocfa.hnxbrfvig,bogjbranjbdyodbqohbdqfhdij
bbbbbbbbbbLniohogdnxblmassimij,boblofmbasbomz- iqinh,
[42]bbbbbbMfgrhbogjbcamhnid,basbcannomhbdyibrmiodihd
bbbbbbbb5bF'vibyiomjbasb'giodybyiovigpbAsbyimaihbgadbogx
bbbbbbbbbbZamibhlnigjfjbsmazb iqinhbyovibFbyiomjb'giodybdyibqinkfg,

{Obsoza.hbgicknocibfhbmisimmijbda,bfgbcazlomfhagbqfdybdyibrizhblmihigdij
dabUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibYozobassbuamibdyibUmahfgrzig'hbgicknoci,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumocdiodihbogjb iqinh,bsmazbdyibumfryd-hyfgfgrbcfdx,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbIamzigmfc'hbc.ggfgrbcmosdfgihhbsnijbsmaz,
bbbbbbb10bCyahibrofgbivimnohdfgrpbRiodfhybYfrinoc,
bbbbbbbbbbRmogjhagbasbHqimdfgr,bnohdbyojbdyfhb iqin
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdmozlfgrb'giodybuoggimbdyibdmioh.mibyibr.omjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsfinj-hlafnbjisigjij;bSodibasscommfijbyfz
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbsambjiijhbasbjomfgrbyibigj.mijbdmfu.nodfag,
bbbbbbb15bYodibsmazbdyibSmfhfogh;bdyibamgozigdhbuomibyi
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbdyibc.lbasbdyibc.mmigdh,bcahdnxbriz-dmioh.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydxbsank-niojim,byibsinnb'giodybyfhbdomrid;
bbbbbbbbbbDyi[2]bcamlhibasbdyibkfgrbdyigbcozibfgdabcyomribas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmocibasbdyibSmogkzig,bdyibzofn-hyfmdbogjbcannom:
bbbbbbb20bQomzigbnihhbgaunibln.gjimijbdyibsonnig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibsfrydbqohbsfgfhyij;bdyibsankbasbdyibRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsfinjbasbdyibjiojbyinjbfgblahhihhfagp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcyafcihdbasbzioj-yonnhbqfdybcyiimfgrbmiha.gjijp
bbbbbbbbbbQionydyiabjfhca.mhij,bdyibqom-dmaalbojjmihhijbhyi:

{W.iigbQionydyiaqbzorgfsfihbUiaq.ns'hbocyfivizigdhp}

bbbbbbb25b"Dyfhbcannombig axbdya.,bUiaq.nsbqamdyx,
bbbbbbbbbbXa.grbzog,bfgbhosidx,bogjb.hibdya.bdyfhbomzam,
bbbbbbbbbbRizhbasbdyiblialni,bogjblmahlimbdya.bs.nnx,
bbbbbbbbbbHyaqbdyxhinsbhd.mjxbogjbuibdabdyihibnfirizig
bbbbbbbbbbZfnjbqfdybfghdm.cdfag!bF'nnbzfgjbdyxbmiw.fdonp
bbbbbbb30bDya.byohdbuma.rydbfdbdablohhbdyodbsombogjbgiom
bbbbbbbbbbSamivimbogjbivimbiomdyzigbhyonnbyagambdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbIvigbhabqfjinxbohbaciogbh.mma.gjidy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibun.hdimfgrbun.sshpbUi,bqyfnibdya.bnfvihd,
[43]bbbbbbObqiondy-unihhèjbodyinfgrpbFbqfhybdyiibzahdbdm.nx

{Zoxbrfsdhbgivimbsofnbdyiip}

bbbbbbb35b iqinhbogjbdmioh.mipbUibkfgjbdabzxbhag,bdya.
bbbbbbbbbbNfvfgrbfgb axogci!bYimibiocybasbdyibgaunih
bbbbbbbbbbFhbdm.ib.gdabadyim,brigdnibfgbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbNaxonbdabniojimpbDyibnfirizigbomibliocis.n,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqom-dmaalhbmiojx:bqinn-jm.gkigbyimaih,[3]
bbbbbbb40bJabohbFbufjbxip"bDyigbhyibqigdbdabdyibhiddnip
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqohbcyafcihdbasbuogw.idh,bqfgibjmogkbdyibyimaih:

{Dyixbnfddnibkgaqbasbdyibhammaqbfgbhdamibsambdyizp}

bbbbbbbbbbQifmjbdyixbkgiqbgad,bjihdfgxbcm.in,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbdabzogxbogbiomnzogbiomnxbfdbyolligij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbivigfgrbyojbcazibogjbYmadyrombyojblomdij
bbbbbbb45bAssbdabyfhbzogam,bdyibzfrydxbdabhn.zuimp
bbbbbbbbbbQommfamhb.gg.zuimijbqomjijbdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbOhbimhdbdyixbjfjbasdig:bdyiboni-hiddnibuomijbdyix,
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbcavimijbonnbavimbqfdybuijhbogjblfnnaqhp

{Objaazijbdyogibfhbdyimibqfdybdyizp}

bbbbbbbbbbJaazijb.gdabjiody,bjaqgbdabyfhbhn.zuim
bbbbbbb50bUaqijbdyigbobuiim-dyogipbDyifmbuoddni-hyfinjhblnocijbdyix,
bbbbbbbbbbUmfryd-hyfgfgrbdomridh,b.lbuxbdyifmbyiojhbdyig;
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbdyibodyinfgrbagboni-uigcyb'dqohbiohxbdabhiibdyimi
bbbbbbbbbbUoddni-yfrybyinzid,bu.mgfibasbmfgr-zofn,

{Dyixbqimibonqoxhbmiojxbsambuoddnip}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbzfrydxbqom-hliompb'Dqohbdyibqagdbasbdyodblialni
bbbbbbb55bDabcaghdogdnxbkiilbdyizbiw.fllijbsambdyibuoddni,[4]
bbbbbbbbbbOdbyazibambzomcyfgr--fgbifdyimbcagjfdfag--
bbbbbbbbbbOdbhiohaghb .hdbh.cybohbgicihhfdxbamjimij
bbbbbbbbbbOhbuihdbsambdyifmbm.nim;bdyodblialnibqohbqamdyxp

bbbb[1]bCpbh.rrihdhbobhizfcanagbosdimb'cfdx,'bqfdyb'yi'bohbh.llnfij
bbbbh.u icdbasb'snij'bogjb'cyahip'

bbbb[2]bSamb'siamy'bHpbh.rrihdhb'siay':b'camlhi'bfgbdyibdmoghnodfagbqa.nj
bbbbdyigbuibcyogrijbdab'_lahhihhfagh_,'b'_uinagrfgrh_p'bDyfhbfhbobuiddim
bbbbmiojfgrbdyogbagib afgfgr,bfgbh.cybfgdfzodibhxgdocdfconbminodfagh,
bbbbdyfgrhbhab.gnfkibohb'camlhi'bogjb' iqinhp'

bbbb[3]bHpbh.rrihdhb'_qfgi- axa.hbyimaih_,'b'_qommfamhbinodijbqfdybqfgi_p'

bbbb[4]bFbuinfivibdyfhbdmoghnodfagbumfgrhba.dbdyibziogfgrbasbdyiblaid,
bbbbqfdya.dbjilomdfgrbhimfa.hnxbsmazbdyibYp-Hapbdiedpb'Asd'bsmiw.igdnx
bbbbzioghb'caghdogdnx,'b'cagdfg.onnx,'bgadbonqoxhb'asdigp'--Qyxb'ogb(ag)
bbbbqírbriomqi'bhya.njbuibqmfddigb'ágqír-riomqi'b(=bmiojxbsambhfgrni
bbbbcazuod),bFbcoggadbhiipb'Riomqi'bacc.mhbw.fdibsmiw.igdnxbqfdyb'ag';bcsp
bbbbUpb1110b(_miojxbsambdyiblxmi_),bInpb222b(_miojxbsambdyibrnoj
bbbb a.mgix_)pbZamiavim,bqyodbyohbdyibfjiobasbhfgrnibcazuodbdabjabqfdybUp
bbbb1247bssp?bDyiblaidbfhbrfvfgrbogbfgvigdamxbasbdyibomzhbogjbomzambqyfcy
bbbbdyixbnoxbohfjibagbmidfmfgr,bogjbyibcnahihbyfhbgommodfagbuxbhoxfgrbdyod
bbbbdyixbqimib_onqoxhblmilomijbsambuoddnibuadybodbyazibogjbagbdyibzomcy_p

[44]




EEp

DYIbZADYIMbASbRMIGJINp


bbbbbbbbbbDyixbhogkbdyigbdabhn.zuimpbQfdybhammaqbagiblofjbsam
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbivigfgrbmilahi,bohbasdigbuidfjbdyiz
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibRmigjinbqohbyanjfgr[1]bdyibranj-uijickijblonoci,
bbbbbbbbbbFnn-jiijhblimsamzfgr,bdfnnbyfhbigjbavimdaakbyfz,
bbbbbbbb5bJiodybsambyfhbhfghpb'Dqohbhiigbvimxbcniomnx,

{Rmigjin'hbzadyimbfhbkgaqgbdabuibdyfmhdfgrbsambmivigrip}

bbbbbbbbbbKgaqgb.gdabiomdy-sank,bdyodbhdfnnbogbovigrim
bbbbbbbbbbA.dnfvijbdyibnaodyijbagi,bnagrbhfgcibdyibhammaq
bbbbbbbbbbCo.hijbuxbdyibhdm.rrni;bdyibzadyimbasbRmigjin,
bbbbbbbbbbJivfn-hyolijbqazog,byimbqaibivimbzfgjij,
bbbbbbb10bQyabqohbyinjbdabfgyoufdbdyibyammfunibqodimh,

{[Rmigjin'hblmarigfdam,bCofg,bfhborofgbmisimmijbdap]}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibcanj-snaqfgrbc.mmigdh,bosdimbCofgbyojbuicazibo
bbbbbbbbbbHnoxim-qfdy-ijrihbdabyfhbagibagnxbumadyim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagbasbyfhbhfmi;byibhidba.dbdyigbuogfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbZomkijbohbobz.mjimim,bzog- axhbovafjfgr,
bbbbbbb15bNfvijbfgbdyibjihimdpbDyigcibjizaghb.gg.zuimij

{DyiblaidborofgbzorgfsfihbUiaq.ns'hbvonamp}

bbbbbbbbbbSodi-higdboqaki;bagibasbdyizbRmigjin,
bbbbbbbbbbHqamj-c.mhèj,byodis.n,bqyabodbYiamadbzidbqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbObzogbdyodbqohbqodcyfgr,bqofdfgrbdyibhdm.rrni,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibobyammfjbagibyinjbyfzbqfdybyogj-rmollnibhd.mjx;
bbbbbbb20bGodynihhbyibzfgjijbdyibzfrydbasbyfhbuajx,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrnamfa.hbrfsdbRajbyojbonnaqijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbsank-m.nfgrbSodyim'hbsovambminfijbag,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyinlbogjbYfhbcazsamd:bhabyibcagw.imijbdyibsaizog,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyinn-hlfmfdby.zunij:byib.gyollxbjilomdijbdyig,
bbbbbbb25bMiovijbasbyfhb axogci,b a.mgixfgrbdabjiody-yo.gdh,
bbbbbbbbbbSaizogbasbzogpbYfhbzadyimbzamiavim

{Rmigjin'hbzadyimbcazihbdabovigribyimbhagp}

bbbbbbbbbbIorimbogjbrnaazxbqohbogefa.hbdabrabag
bbbbbbbbbbYimbza.mgs.nbzfhhfag,bzfgjs.nbasbvigriogci
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibjiodybasbyimbhagpbHyibcozibdyigbdabYiamad
[45]bbb30bQyimibdyibOmzam-Jogibiomnzigbonnbdyma.rybdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQimibnxfgrbfgbhn.zuimpbHaagbdyimibuicozibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbMid.mg[2]bdabdyibgaunih,bqyigbdyibzadyimbasbRmigjin
bbbbbbbbbbIgdimijbdyibsank-yonn;bdyibsiombqohbnihhbrmfiva.h
bbbbbbbbbbUxbivigbhabz.cybohbdyibvframbasbzofjigh,
bbbbbbb35bQom-hdmigrdybasbqazig,buxbqommfambfhbmickagij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbqinn-comvijbqiolag,bqamkijbqfdybdyibyozzim,
bbbbbbbbbbUnojibvimxbunaajx,bumovibqfdybfdhbijrih,
bbbbbbbbbbHdmfkihbjaqgbdyibuaom-hfrgbdyodbhdogjhbagbdyibyinzidp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibyomj-ijrèjbqiolagbqohbyiovijbfgbdyibu.fnjfgr,[3]
bbbbbbb40bDyibumogjba'imbdyibuigcyih,bumaoj-nfgjighbzogx
bbbbbbbbbbYogj-sohdbqimibnfsdij;bsambyinzidbyibmickijbgad,
bbbbbbbbbbSambomzam-gidbumaoj,bqyazbdimmambnofjbyanjbasp
bbbbbbbbbbHyibqigdbdyigbyohdfnx,ba.dqomjbqa.njbridbyim
bbbbbbbbbbYimbnfsibsambdabhovi,bqyigbhazibagibjfjbhlxbyim;

{HyibhiftihbobsovamfdibnfirizigbasbYmadyrom'hp}

bbbbbbb45bHaagbhyibyojbrmollnijbagibasbdyibodyinfgrh
bbbbbbbbbbSohdbogjbsfmznx,bqyigbsigqomjbhyibyfijbyim;
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbagibdabYmadyrombqohbnfisihdbasbyimaih
bbbbbbbbbbFgbmogkbasbmidofgimbqyimibqodimhbigcfmcni,
bbbbbbbbbbObzfrydxbhyfinj-qommfam,bqyazbhyibz.mjimijbodbhn.zuim,
bbbbbbb50bObumaojnx-sozijbuoddni-kgfrydpbUiaq.nsbqohbouhigd,

{Uiaq.nsbqohbohniilbfgbogadyimblomdbasbdyiblonocip}

bbbbbbbbbbU.dbogadyimbolomdzigdbqohbimhdqyfnibjivadij
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibrnamx-jickijbRiodzogbqyigbranjbqohbjfhdmfu.dijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqohby.uu.ubfgbYiamadpbDyibyogjbdyodbqohbsoza.h
bbbbbbbbbbHyibrmohlijbfgbfdhbrami;[4]brmfisbqohbmigiqijbdyig
[46]bbb55bFgbyazihbogjbya.hih:b'dqohbgabyollxbommogrizigd
bbbbbbbbbbFgbuadybasbdyibw.omdimhbdabuomdimbogjbl.mcyohi
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybnfvihbasbdyifmbsmfigjhpbDyigbdyibqinn-orèjbm.nim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmox-yiojijbqom-dyogi,bqohbqas.nbfgbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyfhbnagr-dm.hdijbnfirizogbnfsinihhbyibkgiqbas,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbhigdbsamp}

bbbbbbb60bYfhbjiomihdbagibragipbW.fckbsmazbobmaazbqoh
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbuma.ryd,bumovibogjbdmf.zlyogdp
bbbbbbbbbbOhbjoxbqohbjoqgfgrbfgbdyibj.hkbasbdyibzamgfgr,

{YibcazihbodbYmadyrom'hbh.zzaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbQigdbdyigbdyodbiomnzog,bcyozlfagbgauni,
bbbbbbbbbbCozibqfdybcazmojih,bqyimibdyibcnivimbagibufjij
bbbbbbb65bQyidyimbRajbonnbrmocfa.hbqa.njbrmogdbyfzbobmihlfdi
bbbbbbbbbbOsdimbdyibqaibyibyojbh.ssimijpbDyibqom-qamdyxbyima
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybobdmaalbasbmidofgimhbdmajbdyigbdyiblovizigd
bbbbbbbbbb(Dyibyonn-u.fnjfgrbrmaogij),bdfnnbyibrmiidijbdyibqfhibagi,

{Uiaq.nsbfgw.fmihbyaqbYmadyrombyojbig axijbyfhbgfryd'hbmihdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomnbasbdyibFgrqfgh;[5]bohkijbfsbdyibgfrydbyoj
bbbbbbb70bS.nnxbmismihyijbyfz,bohbsofgbyibqa.njbyovibfdp

bbbb[1]bHivimonbizfgigdbo.dyamfdfihbifdyimbmiojbambizigjbdyibZHpbhabohbda
bbbbzokibdyfhbvimhibmioj,b_QyfnibRmigjinbqohbqohdfgrbdyibranj-uijickij
bbbblonoci_pbHab20_15buinaq:b_movorijbdyibjihimd_p

bbbb[2]bSamb'hógo'b(1281),bdpUpbh.rrihdhb'hámo,'bnfzfdfgrb'ijyqxmsdp'bMioj
bbbbdyig:b_Mid.mgbasbhammaqhbdabdyibgaunih,bidc_pbDyfhbizigjodfagbh.llnfih
bbbbdyibhxgdocdfconbrolbosdimb'ijyqxmsdp'

bbbb[3]bHazibo.dyamfdfihbsannaqbRmifg'hbniefcagbfgbdmiodfgrb'yiomjbicr'boh
bbbbogboj pbnfzfdfgrb'hqiamj':bYp-Hapbmigjimhbfdbohbobh.uhdpb(Habvpb1491p)
bbbbDyibhighibasbdyibdmoghnodfagbqa.njbuibdyibhozip

bbbb[4]bUpbh.rrihdhb'.gjimbymósbrigoz'b(vpb1303)pbDyfhbizigjodfag,bohbqinn
bbbbohbogbizigjodfagbqfdyb(?)bdabvpb739,byibassimh,buico.hib'.gjim'
bbbbuossnihbyfzbfgbuadyblohhorihpbOnnbqibgiijbfhbdabdokib'.gjim'bfgbfdh
bbbbhicagjomxbziogfgrbasb'fg,'bqyfcy,bdya.rybgadbrfvigbuxbRmifg,bacc.mhbfg
bbbbdyibnfdimod.mipbCspbCymagpb876b(Zomcy'hbOp-HpbRmozpb§b355)bogjbAmap
bbbbOzotpbFpb10,bqyimib'.gjim'b=b_fgbdyibzfjhdbas_pbCspbzajimgbIgrpb'fg
bbbbh.cybcfmc.zhdogcih,'bqyfcybfgdimcyogrihbfgbraajb.horibqfdyb'.gjimbh.cy
bbbbcfmc.zhdogcihp'

bbbb[5]bSamb'géaj-noð.'b(1321)bCpbh.rrihdhb'géoj-náð.z,'bogjbdmoghnodih:
bbbb_ohkijbqyidyimbdyibgfrydbyojbuiigblniohogdbdabyfzbosdim
bbbbcm.hyfgr-yahdfnfdx_p




EEFp

YMADYROM'HbOCCA.GDbASbDYIbZAGHDIMHp


{YmadyrombnozigdhbdyibjiodybasbÆhcyimi,byfhbhya.njim-cazlogfagp}

bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombmi afgij,byinzbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh:
bbbbbbbbbb"Ohkbgadbasb axogci!bRmfisbfhbmigiqijbda
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsankbasbdyibJogizigpbJiojbfhbÆhcyimi,
bbbbbbbbbbXmzignos'hbumadyim,banjimbdyogbyi,
bbbbbbbb5bZxbdm.i-yiomdijbca.ghinnam,bdm.hdxbojvfhim,
bbbbbbbbbbHya.njim-cazlogfag,bqyigbsfrydfgrbfgbuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbA.mbyiojhbqiblmadicdij,bqyigbdmaalimhbqimibcnohyfgr,

{Yibqohbzxbfjionbyimap}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyimaihbqimibjohyfgr;bh.cybogbiomnbhya.njbuibivim,
bbbbbbbbbbOgbimhd-qamdyxbodyinfgr,bohbÆhcyimiblmavijbyfzp
bbbbbbb10bDyibsnfckimfgrbjiody-hlfmfdbuicozibfgbYiamad
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyogj-da-yogjbz.mjimim;bFbcogbgadbdinnbqyfdyim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcm.inbagibd.mgijbfgbdyibcomcohhbie.ndfgr,

[47]

{Dyfhbyammfunibcmiod.mibcozibdabovigribRmigjin'hbjiodyp}

bbbbbbbbbbUxbcmozzfgrbjfhcavimijp[1]bDyibw.omminbhyibqmiokijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbnohdbgfrydbfragibRmigjinbdya.bkfnnijhd
bbbbbbb15bFgbrmiqhazihdbzoggim,bqfdybrmfz-yanjfgrbcn.dcyih,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdaabnagrbyibyojbnihhigijbzxbnfiri-dmaalbogjbqohdij
bbbbbbbbbbZxbsank-zigbhabsa.nnxpbYibsinnbfgbdyibuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybsamsifdbasbnfsi,bogjbogadyimbyohbsannaqij,
bbbbbbbbbbObzfrydxbcmfzi-qamkim,byimbkfghzogbovigrfgr,
bbbbbbb20bOgjbyigcisamdybyodyb'hdounfhyijbyimbyodmijb.gxfinjfgr,[2]
bbbbbbbbbbOhbfdbqinnbzoxbolliombdabzogxbobnfirizog,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabza.mgidybfgbhlfmfdbdyibdmioh.mi-uihdaqim,
bbbbbbbbbbYimbyiovxbyiomd-hammaq;bdyibyogjbfhbgaqbnfsinihh
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcy[3]bovofnijbxa.bfgbivimxbqfhybdyodbxa.bcyimfhyijp

{Fbyovibyiomjbzxbvohhonhbhliokbasbdyihibdqab.gcoggxbzaghdimhbqyabnfvijbfg
dyibzaamhp}

bbbbbbb25bNogj-lialnibyiomjbF,bnfirizig,bdyfhbhoxfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbJqinnimhbfgbyonnh,bdyixbyojbhiigbvimxbasdig
bbbbbbbbbbOblofmbasbh.cybzfrydxbzomcy-hdmfjfgrbcmiod.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbSom-jqinnfgrbhlfmfdh,byanjfgrbdyibzaamnogjh:
bbbbbbbbbbAgibasbdyizbqami,bohbqinnbdyixbzfrydbgadfci,
bbbbbbb30bDyibfzoribasbqazog,bdyibadyimbagibqmidcyij
bbbbbbbbbbFgbr.fhibasbobzogbqogjimijbfgbiefni,
bbbbbbbbbbIecildbyibqohby.rimbdyogbogxbasbiomdyzig;
bbbbbbbbbbIomdy-jqinnfgrblialnibigdfdnijbyfzbRmigjin
bbbbbbbbbbFgbjoxhbasbxami:bdyixbkgaqbgadbdyifmbsodyim,
bbbbbbb35bQyi'mbfnn-rafgrbhlfmfdhbogxbqimibuamgibyfz

{Dyibfgyoufdbdyibzahdbjihanodibogjbyammfuniblnocihp}

bbbbbbbbbbIvimbuisamipbDyixbr.omjbdyibqans-cavimdh,
bbbbbbbbbbNogjhbfgoccihhfuni,bqfgj-uiodigbgihhih,
bbbbbbbbbbSioms.nnihdbsig-jiilh,bqyimibobsnaajbsmazbdyibza.gdofgh
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybzfhdhbasbdyibgihhihbgidyimqomjbmoddnih,
bbbbbbb40bDyibhdmiozb.gjimbiomdy:bgadbsombfhbfdbyigciqomj
bbbbbbbbbbZioh.mijbuxbzfni-nigrdyhbdyodbdyibzimi-qodimbhdogjidy,
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybsamihdhbyogrbavim,bqfdybsmahd-qyfdfgrbcavimij,[4]
[48]bbbbbbObsfmz-maadijbsamihd,bdyibsnaajhbavimhyojaqp
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibivimbodbgfrydbagibogbfnn-ziogfgrblamdigd
bbbbbbb45bObsfmi-snaajbzoxbhii;b'zagrbcyfnjmigbasbzig
bbbbbbbbbbGagibnfvidybhabqfhibdyodbqadbasbdyibuaddaz;
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybyomohhijbuxbya.gjhbdyibyiody-hdillimbhiikbsam,

{Ivigbdyibya.gjijbjiimbqfnnbgadbhiikbmis.ribfgbdyihib.gcoggxbmirfaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbSnxbdabdyibsamihd,bsfmz-ogdnimijbyi-jiim,
bbbbbbbbbbHl.mmijbsmazbosom,byfhbhlfmfdbyibxfinjidy,
bbbbbbb50bYfhbnfsibagbdyibhyami,bimibfgbyibqfnnbvigd.mi
bbbbbbbbbbDabcavimbyfhbyiojpb.gcoggxbdyiblnocibfh:
bbbbbbbbbbDyigcib.lqomjbohcigjidybdyibh.mrfgrbasbqodimh,
bbbbbbbbbbQogbdabdyibqinkfg,bqyigbdyibqfgjbfhbhdfmmfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqiodyimhb.glniohfgr,bdfnnbdyibofmbrmaqidybrnaazx,

{DabdyiibagnxbcogbFbnaakbsambohhfhdogcip}

bbbbbbb55bOgjbdyibyiovighbnaqimpbGaqbfhbyinlbdabuibraddig
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbdyiibogjbdyiibagnx!bDyibouajibdya.bkgaq'hdbgad,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjogrima.hblnocibqyimibdya.'mdbounibdabziidbqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhfg-nojigbyima:bhiikbfsbdya.bjomihd!
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibsi.jbFbqfnnbs.nnxbsiibdyiibqfdybzagix,
bbbbbbb60bQfdybanj-dfzibdmioh.mi,bohbimhdqyfnibFbjfjbdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqinn-dqfhdijb iqinh,bfsboqoxbdya.bhyondbridbdyiip"

bbbb[1]bSamb'rismærgaj'b(1334),bKpbogjbdpUpbh.rrihdb'risærgaj,'bmigjimfgr
bbbb'_mi afcfgrbfgbyimbsfnn_p'bDyfhbrfvihboblomonninbdab'æhibqnogc'
bbbb(1333)p

bbbb[2]bDyibnfgib'Ogjbpppbxfinjfgr,'bUpbmigjimh:b_Ogjbhyibyohblimsamzijbo
bbbbjiijbasbunaaj-vigriogcibqyahibissicdbfhbsom-miocyfgr_p

bbbb[3]b'HébÞi'b(1345)bfhbogbfghdogcibasbzohcpbminpbqfdybsizpbogdicijigdp
bbbbHabvpb1888,bqyimib'hébÞi'bmisimhbdab'xnjap'

bbbb[4]bSamb'ymízri'bfgbdyibYp-Hapbijfdfag,bRmpbogjbadyimhbmiojb'ymígji'
bbbb(=ymígigji),bogjbdmoghnodi:b_qyfcybm.hdnfgrbsamihdhbavimyogr_p




EEFFp

UIAQ.NSbHIIKHbRMIGJIN'HbZADYIMp


bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsboghqimij,bIcrdyiaq'hbhag:

{Uiaq.nsbieyamdhbdyibanjbkfgrbdaboma.hibyfzhinsbsambocdfagp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Rmfivibgad,bAbqfhibagi!bsambiocybfdbfhbuiddim,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbsmfigjbdabovigribdyogbqfdybviyizigcibqofnbyfz;
bbbbbbbbbbIocybasb.hbz.hdbdyibigj-joxboufjibas
bbbbbbbb5bYfhbiomdynxbiefhdigci;bqyabfhbouniboccazlnfhy
bbbbbbbbbbRnamxbimibjiody!bDabuoddni-dyogibgauni
bbbbbbbbbbNfsinihhbnxfgr,b'dfhbodbnohdbzahdbsfddfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbOmfhi,bAbkfgr,bw.fckbnidb.hbyohdig
bbbbbbbbbbDabnaakbodbdyibsaadlmfgdbasbdyibkfghzogbasbRmigjin!
bbbbbbb10bFblmazfhibdyiibdyfhbgaq:bdabyfhblnocibyi'nnbihcolibgad,
bbbbbbbbbbDabizumocibasbdyibiomdy,bgambdabza.gdofga.hbsamihd,
bbbbbbbbbbGambdabjildyhbasbdyibaciog,bqyimivimbyibqogjimhp
[49]bbbbbbLmocdfcibdya.bgaqblodfigdbigj.mogci
bbbbbbbbbbAsbiocybasbdyxbhammaqh,bohbFbyalibsambdyiibhaadynx!"

{Ymadyrombma.hihbyfzhinspbYfhbyamhibfhbuma.rydp}

bbbbbbb15bDyigb.lbhlmogrbdyibanjbagi,bdyibOnn-Qfinjimbdyogkijbyi,
bbbbbbbbbbM.nimbOnzfrydx,bdyodbdyibzogbyojba.dhlakigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbsambYmadyrombobqom-yamhibqohbjickijbqfdybobumfjni,
bbbbbbbbbbC.mnx-zogijbca.mhimpbDyibcnivimbsank-niojim

{Dyixbhdomdbagbdyibdmockbasbdyibsizonibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbbHdodinxblmaciijij:bhdillijbdyigbogbiomn-dmaal
bbbbbbb20bAsbnfgjig-qaajbuiomimhpbYimbsaadlmfgdhbqimibhiigbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbQfjinxbfgbqaaj-lodyh,byimbqoxba'imbdyibuaddazh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibhyibsomoqoxbsomijba'imbsig-ca.gdmxbz.mkx,
bbbbbbbbbbUamiboqoxbumiodynihhbdyibuihdbasbmidofgimh
bbbbbbbbbbQyablagjimijbqfdybYmadyrombdyibqinsomibasbca.gdmxp
bbbbbbb25bDyibhagbasbdyibodyinfgrhbdyigbqigdba'imbdyibhdagx,
bbbbbbbbbbJicnfvfda.hbcnfssh,bdyibcnahi-cavimijblohhih,
bbbbbbbbbbGommaqblohhorih,blodyhb.gsmiw.igdij,
bbbbbbbbbbGihhihboum.ld,bgfckim-yo.gdhbzogx;
bbbbbbbbbbAgibasbobsiqbasbqfhi-zaajijbyimaih,
bbbbbbb30bYibagqomjbojvogcijbdabvfiqbdyibh.mma.gjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbyibsa.gjb.goqomihbqaajhbasbdyibza.gdofg
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbyaom-hdagihbyogrfgr,byand-qaajb.g axs.n;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqodimbhdaajb.gjim,bqinnfgrbogjbramxp
bbbbbbbbbb'DqohbfmkhazibfgbhlfmfdbdabonnbasbdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbb35bSmfigjhbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,bdabzogxbobnfirizog

{DyibhfrydbasbÆhcyimi'hbyiojbco.hihbdyizbrmiodbhammaqp}

bbbbbbbbbbHojbdabuibh.ssimij,bobhammaqb.gnfddni
bbbbbbbbbbDabiocybasbdyibiomnzig,bqyigbdabÆhcyimi'hbyiojbdyix
bbbbbbbbbbCozibagbdyibcnfsspbDyibc.mmigdbqohbhiidyfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybunaajbogjbqfdybramib(dyibdmaalimhbrotijbagbfd)p
bbbbbbb40bDyibyamgbogagbhogrbdyibuoddni-hagrbmiojxp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdmaalbqimibonnbhiodij;bdyixbhoqb'nagrbdyibqodimbdyig

{Dyibqodimbfhbsfnnijbqfdybhimligdhbogjbhio-jmoraghp}

bbbbbbbbbbZogxbobhimligd,bzimi-jmoraghbqagjma.h
bbbbbbbbbbDmxfgrbdyibqodimh,bgfckimhbo-nxfgr
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibcnfsshbasbdyibgihhih,bqyfcybodbgaagjoxbs.nnbasdig
bbbbbbb45bRabagbdyibhio-jiilhbdyifmbhammaqs.nb a.mgix,
bbbbbbbbbbQfnj-uiohdhbogjbqamzkfgj;boqoxbdyigbdyixbyohdigij

{AgibasbdyizbfhbkfnnijbuxbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbYad-zaajij,byodis.n,bdyixbyiomjbdyibrmiodbcnozam,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqom-dm.zlidbqfgjfgrpbAgibjfjbdyibRiod-lmfgci
[50]bbbbbbH.gjimbsmazbiomdy- axh,bqfdybommaqbsmazbuaqhdmfgr,
bbbbbbb50bSmazbyfhbhio-hdm.rrnibdamibyfz,bdyodbdyibdm.hdxbqom-zfhhfni

{Dyibjiojbuiohdbfhboblaambhqfzzim}

bbbbbbbbbbLfimcijbdabyfhbvfdonh;byiblmavijbfgbdyibc.mmigdh
bbbbbbbbbbNihhbja.rydxbodbhqfzzfgrbqyazbjiodybyojbasscommfijp
bbbbbbbbbbHaagbfgbdyibqodimhbdyibqagjims.nbhqfzzim
bbbbbbbbbbQohbhdmofdigijbzahdbhaminxbqfdybhqamj-lafgdijbuaom-hliomh,
bbbbbbb55bLmihhijbfgbdyibuoddnibogjbl.nnijbdabdyibcnfss-ijri;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfirizigbdyigbnaakijbagbdyibnaody-sohyfagijbhdmogrimp

{Uiaq.nsblmilomihbsambobhdm.rrnibqfdybdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbjaggijbdyigbyfhbuoddni-iw.flzigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbComijbnfddnibsambnfsi;bfgnofjbogjbzahdbozlni,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyogj-qavigbcamhnidbqyfcybca.njbcavimbyfhbuajx,
bbbbbbb60bZ.hdbdyibqovi-jiilhbielnami,bdyodbqombzfrydbuiblaqimnihh
bbbbbbbbbbDabyomzbdyibrmiodbyima,bogjbdyibyodfgrbagi'hbrmohlbzfryd
bbbbbbbbbbGadblimfnbyfhbhosidx;byfhbyiojbqohblmadicdij
bbbbbbbbbbUxbdyibnfryd-snohyfgrbyinzidbdyodbhya.njbzfebqfdybdyibuaddazh,
bbbbbbbbbbDmxfgrbdyibijjfih,bdmioh.mi-izunotagij,
bbbbbbb65bIgcfmcnijbqfdyb iqinh,bohbfgbhiohaghbnagrblohd
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqiolag-hzfdybqamkijbfd,bqagjma.hnxbzojibfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybhqfgi-uajfihbsohyfagijbfd,bdyodbdyigcisamqomjbgabnagrim
bbbbbbbbbbUmogjbzfrydbufdibfd,bogjbuoddni-hqamjby.mdbfdp
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyodbqohbgadbniohdbasbyinlimhbfgblmaqihh

{Yibyohb.gsimdy'hbhqamjbfgbyfhbyogjp}

bbbbbbb70bDyodbYmadyrom'hbhlakihzogbyojbnigdbyfzbqyigbhdmofdigij;
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibyfndijbyogj-hqamjbqohbYm.gdfgrbigdfdnij,
bbbbbbbbbbAnjbogjbzahdbiecinnigdb'zagrbonnbasbdyibdmioh.mih;
bbbbbbbbbbFdhbunojibqohbasbfmag,bunaddijbqfdyblafhag,
bbbbbbbbbbYomjigijbqfdybrami;bfdbsofnijbgadbfgbuoddni
bbbbbbb75bOgxbyimab.gjimbyiovigbfgbyogjbqyabfdbumogjfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabvigd.mijbdabdokibdyibdimmfunib a.mgixh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuoddni-sfinjbha.ryd;bgadbdyibiomnfihdbaccohfag
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbjiijhbasbjomfgrb'dqohbjihdfgijbdab'cazlnfhyp

{.gsimdybyohbnfddnib.hibsambhqamjhp}

bbbbbbbbbbIcrnos'hbkfghzogbzfgjijbgadbhaadynx,
bbbbbbb80bIe.ndfgrbfgbhdmigrdy,bqyodbimhdbyibyojbhlakig
bbbbbbbbbbJm.gkigbqfdybqfgi,bqyigbdyibqiolagbyibnigdbda
bbbbbbbbbbObhqamj-yimabuanjim;byfzhinsbjfjbgadbvigd.mi
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybdyibhdmfsibasbdyibc.mmigdhbyfhbnfsibdabigjogrim,
[51]bbbbbbDabsozi-jiijhblimsamz;bdyimibyibsamsifdijbrnamx,
bbbbbbb85bMil.dibsambyfhbhdmigrdypbGadbhabqfdybdyibadyim
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyibcnojbfgbyfhbcamhnidbyojbiw.fllijbyfzbsambuoddnip




EEFFFp

UIAQ.NS'HbSFRYDbQFDYbRMIGJIN'HbZADYIMp


{Uiaq.nsbzokihboblomdfgrbhliicybdabYmadyromp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhloki,bIcrdyiaq'hbhag:
bbbbbbbbbb"Miconnbgaq,bay,bsoza.hbkfghzogbasbYionsjigi,
bbbbbbbbbbLmfgcibvimxblm.jigd,bgaqbdablomdbFbozbmiojx,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-smfigjbasbiomnzig,bqyodbimhdbqibormiijbag,

{FsbFbsofn,bocdbohbobkfgjbnfirinamjbdabzxbdyogih,}

bbbbbbbb5bHya.njbFbnoxbjaqgbzxbnfsibfgbnigjfgrbdyiibohhfhdogci,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbzxbiomdy- axhbqimibavim,bdya.bqa.njhdbivimzamibhimvibzi
bbbbbbbbbbFgbhdiojbasbobsodyim;bzxbsofdys.nbdyogizig,
bbbbbbbbbbZxbdm.hdxbmidofgimh,blmadicdbdya.bogjbcomibsam,
bbbbbbbbbbSonnbFbfgbuoddni:bogj,bYmadyrombuinavèj,

{ogjbhigjbYfrinocbdyib iqinhbdya.byohdbrfvigbzi}

bbbbbbb10bHigjb.gdabYfrinocbdyibyfry-von.ijb iqinh
bbbbbbbbbbDya.bdabzibyohdbonnaddijpbDyibnamjbasbdyibRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbZoxblimcifvibsmazbdyibranj,bdyibYmidynfgrbzoxbhiibfd

{Fbhya.njbnfkibzxbkfgrbdabkgaqbyaqbrigima.hbobnamjbFbsa.gjbdyiibdabuip}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyibnaakhbagbdyib iqinh,bdyodbobriz-rfvimbsa.gjbF
bbbbbbbbbbRaajbavim-zioh.mi,big axijbyfzbqyfnibounip
bbbbbbb15bOgjbdyibogcfigdbyifmnaazb.gsimdyblimzfdbdya.,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsozijbagibdabyovi,bdyibyiovx-hqamjbhlnigjfj[1]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyomj-ijrèjbqiolag;bqfdybYm.gdfgrbdabofjbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbFbhyonnbrofgbzibrnamx,bambrmfz-jiodybhyonnbdokibzip"

{Uiaq.nsbfhbiorimbsambdyibsmoxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibodyinfgrbasbRiodzigb.ddimijbdyihibqamjhbogj
bbbbbbb20bYimafcbjfjbyohdig,bgadbogxbmi afgjim
bbbbbbbbbbQohbqfnnfgrbdabqofdbsam;bdyibqovi-c.mmigdbhqonnaqij

{Yibfhbobqyanibjoxbmiocyfgrbdyibuaddazbasbdyibhiop}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibja.rydx-fg-uoddnipbDyigbobjox'h-nigrdybinolhijbimi
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbounibdabhiibdyibhiobodbfdhbuaddazp
bbbbbbbbbbIomnxbhyibsa.gjbdyigbqyabsfsdxbasbqfgdimh
bbbbbbb25bDyibca.mhibasbdyibc.mmigdhbkildbfgbyimbs.mx,
bbbbbbbbbbRmfhnxbogjbrmiijx,bdyodbdyibrmfzbagi'hbjazfgfag

[52]

{Rmigjin'hbzadyimbkgaqhbdyodbhazibagibyohbmiocyijbyimbjazofghp}

bbbbbbbbbbHazibagibasbzigbsmazbouavibqohbielnamfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbSamdybjfjbhyibrmoubdyiz,brmollnijbdyibqommfam
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybyammfunibcn.dcyih;bxidbgabhaagimbhyibfg .mij
bbbbbbb30bYfhbuajxb.ghcodyèj:bdyibu.mgfiba.d-r.omjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbhyiblmavijbu.dblaqimnihhbdablfimcibdyma.rybdyibomzam,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfzu-zofnbnackij,bqfdybnaody-rmouufgrbsfgrimhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhio-qansbuomibdyig,bqyigbuaddazqomjbcozibhyi,

{Hyibrmouhbyfz,bogjbuiomhbyfzbdabyimbjigp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibmfgr-lmfgcibyaziqomj,bdyodbyibosdimbqohblaqimnihh
bbbbbbb35b(Yibyojbjomfgrbdabjabfd)bdabjionbqfdybyfhbqiolagh,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbzogxbobzimi-uiohdbdamzigdijbyfzbhqfzzfgr,

{Hio-zaghdimhbufdibogjbhdmfkibyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbSnaaj-uiohdhbgabsiqbqfdybsfimci-ufdfgrbd.hkhbjfj
bbbbbbbbbbUmiokbdyma.rybyfhbu.mgfi,bdyibumovibagibl.mh.ijbdyixp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomnbdyigbjfhcavimijbyibqohbjaqgbfgbhazibcovimg
bbbbbbb40bQyimibgabqodimbqyodivimbogxqfhibyomzijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibcn.dcybasbdyibc.mmigdbca.njbcazibgadbogiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdyibmaasij-yonnblmivigdij;bumfrydgihhbo-rniozfgr
bbbbbbbbbbSfmi-nfrydbyibhoq,bsnohyfgrbmihlnigjigdp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibraajbagibhoqbdyigbdyibhio-uaddaz'hbzaghdim,

{Uiaq.nsboddockhbdyibzadyimbasbRmigjinp}

bbbbbbb45bDyibzfrydxbzimi-qazog;byibzojibobrmiodbaghid
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqiolag-as-uoddni,byfhbyogjbgadbjihfhdij
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbhdmfkfgr,bdyodbqom-unojibhdm.ckbagbyimbyiojbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbObuoddni-hagrbrmiijxpbDyibhdmogrimblimcifvijbdyig

{Dyibhqamjbqfnnbgadbufdip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibhqamjbqa.njbgadbufdi,byimbnfsibqa.njbgadbfg .mi,
bbbbbbb50bU.dbdyibsoncyfagbsofnijbdyibsank-lmfgcibqyigbhdmofdigij:
bbbbbbbbbbImhdbyojbfdbasdigbaghidhbigca.gdimij,
bbbbbbbbbbAsdbcnavigbdyibyinzid,bdyibsodijbagi'hbomzam:
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbdyibsfmhdbdfzibdyodbivimbdyibiecinnigdb iqin
bbbbbbbbbbYojbsofnijbasbfdhbsozipbSfmz-zaajijbosdim,
bbbbbbb55bGadbyiijnihhbasbvonam,bu.dbzfgjs.nbasbrnamx,
bbbbbbbbbbQohbYfrinoc'hbkfghzog;bdyibyima-cyfisbogrmx
bbbbbbbbbbCohdbdyigbyfhbcomvij-hqamjbcavimijbqfdyb iqinh
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbfdbnoxbagbdyibiomdy,byomjbogjbhdiin-lafgdij;

{Dyibyimabdymaqhbjaqgbonnbqiolagh,bogjborofgbdm.hdhbdabyfhbyogj-rmflp}

bbbbbbbbbbYibyalijbfgbyfhbhdmigrdy,byfhbyogj-rmollnibhd.mjxp
bbbbbbb60bHabogxbz.hdbocdbqyigivimbyibdyfgkidy
bbbbbbbbbbDabrofgbyfzbfgbuoddnibrnamxb.gigjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbfhbmicknihhbasbnfvfgrpbDyibnamjbasbdyibQom-Riodh
[53]bbbbbb(Yibhymogkbgadbsmazbuoddni)bhiftijbuxbdyibhya.njim[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzadyimbasbRmigjin;bdyigbzfrydxbfgbhdm.rrni
bbbbbbb65bHq.grbyibyfhbigizx,bhfgcibyfhbogrimbqohbkfgjnij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbhyibsinnbdabdyibsnaampbQfdybs.mfa.hbrmollni

{Uiaq.nsbsonnhp}

bbbbbbbbbbHyibrovibyfzbmiw.fdon[3]biomnxbdyimiosdim,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhdmidcyijba.dbdabrmoubyfz;bdyibhdmagrihdbasbqommfamh
bbbbbbbbbbSofgd-zaajijbhd.zunij,bdfnnbyibsinnbfgbyfhbdmocih,

{Dyibzaghdimbhfdhbagbyfzbqfdybjmoqgbhqamjp}

bbbbbbb70bSaad-rafgrbcyozlfagpbDyigbhyibhodbagbdyibyonn-r.ihd
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbqfinjijbyimbqom-kgfsibqfji-unojij,bsnohyfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbSambyimbhagbqa.njbdokibvigriogci,byimbagibagnxbuofmgp

{Yfhbomzambhovihbyfhbnfsip}

bbbbbbbbbbYfhbumiohd-omzambqavigbuajibagbyfhbhya.njim;
bbbbbbbbbbFdbr.omjijbyfhbnfsi,bdyibigdmogcibjisigjij
bbbbbbb75b'Rofghdbhqamj-lafgdbogjbijrihpbIcrdyiaq'hbhagbdyimi
bbbbbbbbbbYojbsodonnxb a.mgixij,bcyozlfagbasbRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibomzhbasbdyibaciog,byojbdyibomzambgadbrfvig,
bbbbbbbbbbCnahi-qavigbcamhnid,bcazsamdbogjbh.ccam,

{Rajbommogrijbsambyfhbihcolip}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyojbRajbzahdbyanxbgadboqomjijbdyibvfcdamx,
bbbbbbb80bOnn-kgaqfgrbNamj;biohfnxbjfjbyiovig'h
bbbbbbbbbbM.nimbzahdbmfrydia.hbommogribfdbqfdyb .hdfci;[4]
bbbbbbbbbb.lmahibyibimicdbmiojxbsambuoddnip

bbbb[1]bKnpbizigjhb'qæn-hqiamjp'bDyibyons-nfgibqa.njbdyigbmioj,b'_dyi
bbbbuoddni-hqamjbhlnigjfj_p'--Samb'yiomj-icr'bfgbgiedbyons-vimhi,bhiibgadi
bbbbdab20_39bouavip

bbbb[2]bHqp,bMp,bogjbdpUpbh.rrihdb'sioei'bsamb'ioeni'b(1538)bogjbmigjim:
bbbb_Hiftijbuxbdyibyofm_p

bbbb[3]bFsb'yogj-néog'buiboccildijb(ohbdyibZHpbyohbfd),bdyibnfgibqfnn
bbbbmioj:b_Hyibyogj-miqomjbrovibyfzbiomnxbdyimiosdim_p

bbbb[4]bHqpbogjbHpbcyogribYp-Hap'hbhizfcanagb(vpb1557)bdabobcazzo,bogj
bbbbdmoghnodi:b_DyibM.nimbasbYiovigbommogrijbfdbfgb .hdfcibiohfnx,bosdim
bbbbyibomahiborofg_p




EEFVp

UIAQ.NSbFHbJA.UNI-CAGW.IMAMp


{Uiaq.nsbrmohlhbobrfogd-hqamj,}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyibhoqbzfjbdyibqom-rizhbobqiolagbasbvfcdamx,
bbbbbbbbbbOgbogcfigdbrfogd-hqamj,basbijrihbo-ja.rydx,
bbbbbbbbbbRnamxbasbqommfamh:basbqiolaghb'dqohbcyafcihd,
bbbbbbbbbbAgnxb'dqohbnomrimbdyogbogxbzogbinhibqoh
[54]bbbb5bOunibdabuiombdabdyibuoddni-igca.gdim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibraajbogjbhlnigjfjbqamkbasbdyibrfogdhp
bbbbbbbbbbYibrmohlijbdyigbdyibhqamj-yfnd,bkgfrydbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbUanjbogjbuoddni-rmfz,bumogjfhyijbyfhbmfgr-hqamj,
bbbbbbbbbbYalinihhbasbnfvfgr,byadnxbyibhzadibyim,
bbbbbbb10bDyodbdyibsfigj-qazog'hbgickbsfmznxbfdbrmollnij,

{ogjbsinnhbdyibsizonibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbbUmakibdyma.rybyimbuagi- afgdh,bdyibufnnbs.nnxblfimcijbyim
bbbbbbbbbbSodi-c.mhèjbuajx,bhyibsinnbdabdyibrma.gjbdyig:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyogj-hqamjbqohbunaajx,bdyibyimabie.ndijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumogjbqohbumfnnfogd,bumfrydnxbfdbrnfzzimij,
bbbbbbb15b .hdbohbsmazbyiovigbriznfkibhyfgidy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdamcybasbdyibsfmzozigdpbYibrnogcijb'nagrbdyibu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbd.mgijbuxbdyibqonnbdyig,bYfrinoc'hbvohhon
bbbbbbbbbbMorfgrbogjbqmodys.nbmofhijbyfhbuoddni-hqamj
bbbbbbbbbbHdmagrbuxbdyibyogjnipbDyibijribqohbgadb.hinihh
bbbbbbb20bDabdyibyima-fg-uoddni,bu.dbyibhliijfnxbqfhyijbda
bbbbbbbbbbRfvibRmigjinbmiw.fdonbsambdyibzogxbohho.ndhbyi
bbbbbbbbbbYojbqamkijbagbdyibQihd-Jogihbgadbagci,bu.dbasdig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyibhniqbfgbhn.zuimbdyibh.u icdhbasbYmadyrom,
bbbbbbbbbbHqonnaqijbjaqgbsfsdiigbhniilfgrbmidofgimh
bbbbbbb25bAsbdyibsankbasbdyibJogizig,bogjbs.nnxbohbzogx
bbbbbbbbbbCommfijboqox,bobyammfuniblmixp
bbbbbbbbbbYibrovibyfzbmiw.fdon,brmfz-morfgrbcyozlfag,

{Uiaq.nsbhiihbdyibuajxbasbRmigjin,bogjbc.dhbassbyfhbyiojp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyibhoqbagbyfhbmihd-lnocibqiomxbasbcagsnfcd
bbbbbbbbbbRmigjinbnxfgr,basbnfsi- axhbuimiovèj,
bbbbbbb30bOhbdyibuoddnibodbYiamadbimhdqyfnibyojbhcodyijbyfz;
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbuajxbsombua.gjij,bobunaqbqyigbyibh.ssimij,
bbbbbbbbbbJiodybyovfgrbhiftijbyfz,bhqamj-hzfdfgrbyiovx,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyibc.dbassbyfhbyiojbdyigpbIomnxbdyfhbgadfcij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcnivimbcomnihbqyabohbcazmojihbasbYmadyrom

{Dyibqodimhbomibramxp}

bbbbbbb35bRotijbagbdyibhio-jiilh,bdyodbdyibh.mrfgrbqovi-c.mmigdh
bbbbbbbbbbQimibzfrydfnxbzfgrnij,bdyibzimi-snaajbqohbramx:
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibraajbagibdyibrmox-yofmijbdaridyimbyinjbcagvimhi,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbrfvigb.lbsambjiojp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibyaomxbasbyioj,bdyodbdyixbyalijbgadbdabhiiborofg
bbbbbbbbbbDyibodyinfgrbivim,bdyodbie.ndfgrbfgbvfcdamx
bbbbbbb40bYi'jbmid.mgbdyimibdabvfhfdbdyibjfhdfgr.fhyijbsank-m.nim:
[55]bbbbbbDyigbzogxbcagcn.jijbdyibzimi-qansbyojbkfnnijbyfzp[1]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibgfgdybya.mbcozibdyigpbSmazbdyibgihh-ijribjilomdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuanj-zaajijbHcxnjfgrh;bdyibranj-smfigjbasbyimaih
bbbbbbbbbbYaziqomjbuidaakbyfzpbDyibhdmogrimhbhodbjaqgbdyig
bbbbbbb45bHa.n-hfck,bhammaqs.n,bdyibhio-qovihbmiromjfgr:
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbqfhyijbogjbxidbqiigijbgadbdyifmbqinn-navijbsmfigj-namj

{Dyibrfogd-hqamjbzindhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabhiibogxbzamipbDyibhqamj-unojibuirogbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunaajbyovfgrbda.cyijbfd,bcagdmocdfgrbogjbhymfvinfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybuoddni-fcfcnih;b'dqohbobqagjims.nbzomvin
bbbbbbb50bDyodbfdbzindijbigdfminx,bnfkihdbdabfcibqyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibSodyimb.gufgjidybdyibuagjbasbdyibsmahdbogj
bbbbbbbbbb.gqfgjidybdyibqovi-uogjh,bYibqyabqfinjidybjazfgfag
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdfzihbogjbasbdfjih:bobdm.dy-sfmzbCmiodamp
bbbbbbbbbbGambdaakbyibasb iqinhbzamibfgbdyibjqinnfgr,
bbbbbbb55bNamjbasbdyibQijimh,bdya.rybdyixbnoxbonnboma.gjbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDyogbdyibyiojbogjbdyibyogjnibyogjhazibqfdyb iqinh;
[56]bbbbbbDyibumogjbiomnxbzindij,bu.mgdbqohbdyibqiolag:[2]
bbbbbbbbbbHabyadbqohbdyibunaaj,bdyibhdmogri-hlfmfdblafhaga.h

{Dyibyimabhqfzhbuockbdabdyibmionzhbasbjoxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbfgbfdbjfjblimfhypbYibiomnxbhqozbassbdyig
bbbbbbb60bQyabyojbufjijbfgbcazuodbdyibcomgoribasbyodimh,
bbbbbbbbbbQigdb.lbdyma.rybdyibaciog;bdyibijjfihbqimibcnioghèj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhlocfa.hbieloghih,bqyigbdyibhlfmfdbsmazbsomnogj
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnfsibl.dbohfjibogjbdyfhbhyamd-nfvijbiefhdigcip
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhiozig'hbjisigjimbcozibhqfzzfgrbdabnogjbdyig
bbbbbbb65bJa.rydxbasbhlfmfd,bmi afcijbfgbyfhbhio-rfsd,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.nkxbu.mjigbqyfcybyibuamibfgbyfhbkiilfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiecinnigdbvohhonhbojvogcijbdyigbdabziidbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDabRajbdyixbqimibrmodis.n,bqimibrnojbfgbdyifmbcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdabhiibyfzbhosibogjbha.gjbqohbrmogdijbdyizp
bbbbbbb70bSmazbdyibyfry-zfgjijbyima,bdyig,byinzidbogjbu.mgfi
bbbbbbbbbbQimibhliijfnxbnaahigij:bdyibaciogbqohbl.dmfj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqodimb'giodybqinkfgbqindimijbqfdybramip
bbbbbbbbbbSamdybjfjbdyixbsomi,bdyig,bdyifmbsaadhdilhbmidmocfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbZimmxbogjbzfmdys.n,bzioh.mijbdyibiomdy-qox,
bbbbbbb75bDyibyfryqoxbsozfnfom:bzigbvimxbjomfgr[3]
bbbbbbbbbbUomibdyigbdyibyiojbsmazbdyibhio-cnfss,bu.mjigfgr
bbbbbbbbbbIocybasbdyibiomnzig,biecinnigd-vonfogdp

{Fdbdokihbsa.mbzigbdabcommxbRmigjin'hbyiojbagbobhliomp}

bbbbbbbbbbSa.mbasbdyizbyojbdabcommxbqfdybnouam
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyiojbasbRmigjinbdabdyibyfrybdaqimfgrbranj-yonn
bbbbbbb80b.lhd.ckbagbdyibhliom,bdfnnbsa.mdiigbzahd-vonfogd
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbuoddni-umovibRiodzigbcozibdyimibrafgr
bbbbbbbbbbHdmofrydbdabdyiblonoci:bdyiblmfgcibasbdyiblialni
bbbbbbbbbbZioh.mijbdyibzioj-qoxh,bdyifmbzaaj-umovibcazlogfagp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibodyinfgrbasbiomnzigbigdimijbdyibu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbb85bJiij-vonfogdbzog,bojamgijbqfdybjfhdfgcdfag,
bbbbbbbbbbJa.rydxbhyfinj-qommfam,bdabojjmihhbKfgrbYmadyrom:
[57]bbbbbbDyigby.grbuxbdyibyofm,bdyibyiojbasbRmigjin
bbbbbbbbbbQohbuamgibdabdyibu.fnjfgr,bqyimibuiim-dyogihbqimibjmfgkfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbNadybuisamibiomnzigbogjbikib'samibdyibnojx:
bbbbbbb90bDyibqommfamhbuiyinjbdyigbobqagjims.nbhfrydp

bbbb[1]b'Þæhbzagfribriqiomð'b(1599)bogjb'yosoðbþæhbriqamjig'b(2027)p--Fgbo
bbbblolimbl.unfhyijbhazibxiomhborabfgbagibasbdyib ayghbYalkfghb.gfvimhfdx
bbbbcfmc.nomh,bFbdmfijbdabdymaqb.lagbdyihibdqabnagr-ja.uds.nblohhorihbhazi
bbbbnfrydbjimfvijbsmazbobhd.jxbasbnfkiblohhorihbfgbOnsmij'hblmahip--Dyi
bbbbfzlimhagonbvimub'riqiamðog,'bqfdybogbocc.hpbasbdyiblimhag,bogjbo
bbbbþæd-cno.hibfhb.hijbhivimonbdfzihbqfdybdyibziogfgrb'ormiip'bHiibAmahf.h
bbbb(Hqiid'hbijp)b178_7;b204_34;b208_28;b210_15;b280_20pbFgbdyibdqa
bbbbUiaq.nsblohhorih,bdyibþæd-cno.hibfhbogdfcflodijbuxb'þæh,'bqyfcybfh
bbbbcniomnxbobrigpbasbdyibdyfgrbormiijbagp

bbbbDyibsfmhdblohhorib(vpb1599b(u)-1600)bFbdmoghnodibnfdimonnx:b_Dyigbzogx
bbbbormiijb.lagbdyfhb(gozinx),bdyodbdyibhio-qansbyojbkfnnijbyfz_p

bbbbDyibhicagjblohhorib(vpb2025b(u)-2027):b_Hyibfhblmazfhijbppp;bdabdyfh
bbbbdyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrhbyohbormiij,bidc_pbUxbizigjfgrb'fh'bfghdioj
bbbbasb'qæh'b(2025),bdyibdighihbqfnnbuibuma.rydbfgdablimsicdbyomzagxp

bbbbFgbvpb1997bsspbdyfhbhozibfjfazbacc.mh,bogjbqohbgadfcijbfgbUp'hbrmiod
bbbbomdfcnibagbUiaq.ns,bqyfcybolliomijboua.dbdyibdfzibFbl.unfhyijbzx
bbbbmiojfgrbasb1599bogjb2027pbDmoghnodib1997bdyig:b_Qa.njhdbnidbdyi
bbbbHa.dy-Jogihbdyizhinvihbjicfjiboua.dbdyifmbhdm.rrnibqfdybRmigjin_pbYimi
bbbb'Húð-Jigi'bfhbocc.hpbasblimhag,bogjb'rúði'bfhbrigpbasbdyfgrbormiijbagp

bbbbQfdybh.cybcannodimonbh.llamdbohbdyodbossamjijbuxbUpb(LpbogjbUpbEFFp
bbbb97),bFbyovibgabyihfdodfagbfgbjilomdfgrbsmazbYp-Hap,bzxb.h.onbr.fjip

bbbbDyibfjfazbouavibdmiodijbm.ghbdyma.rybOp-Hp,bAnjbHoeag,bogjbadyim
bbbbDi.dagfcbnogr.orih,bogjbhya.njbuibgadfcijbfgbdyibniefcaghp

bbbb[2]b'Umójig-zæn'bfhbmiromjijbuxbzahdbhcyanomhbohbziogfgrbobjozohkiigij
bbbbhqamjpbDmoghnodi:b_Dyibjozohkiigijbhqamjbu.mgijb.l_pbCspb25_16bogj
bbbbgadip

bbbb[3]b'Cxgfgr-uonji'b(1635)bfhbdyibz.cy-jfhl.dijbmiojfgrbasbKpbogjbDyp
bbbbDabmigjimbdyfh,b"_gaunxbuanj_,"b"_iecinnigdnxbuanj_,"byovibuiig
bbbbh.rrihdijpbUpbqa.njbmiojb'cxgfgr-yanji'b(cspb290),bogjbmigjim:b_Zig
bbbbqinn-jfhlahijbdaqomjhbdyibkfgrbcommfijbdyibyioj,bidcp_b'Cxgiuionji,'
bbbbhoxhbdpUp,bigjamhfgrbRmp




EEVp

UIAQ.NSbUMFGRHbYFHbDMALYFIHp--YMADYROM'HbRMODFD.JIp


{Uiaq.nsbminodihbyfhbnohdbielnafdp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhloki,basshlmfgrbasbIcrdyiaq:
bbbbbbbbbb"Na!bqibunfdyinxbyovibuma.rydbdyii,buofmgbasbYionsjigi,
bbbbbbbbbbLmfgcibasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,bdyihiblmihigdhbsmazbaciog
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybdyfgibixibnaakidybag,bsambogbizunizbasbrnamxp
bbbbbbbb5bFbcozibassbonfvibsmazbdyfh,bgommaqnxb'hcolfgr:
bbbbbbbbbbFgbqomb'giodybdyibqodimbdyibqamkbqfdybrmiodblofghbF
bbbbbbbbbbLimsamzij,bogjbdyibsfrydbyojbuiigbsfgfhyijbw.fdibgiomnx,
bbbbbbbbbbYojbRajbgadbjisigjijbzipbFbsofnijbfgbdyibuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbO.rydbdaboccazlnfhy,bofjijbuxbYm.gdfgr,
bbbbbbb10bDya.rybdyodbqiolagbqohbqamdyx,bu.dbdyibQfinjimbasbiomdy-sank

{Rajbqohbsfrydfgrbqfdybzip}

bbbbbbbbbbRovibzibqfnnfgrnxbdabhiibagbdyibqonnbo
bbbbbbbbbbYiovxbanjbyogj-hqamjbyogrfgrbfgbhlnigjam
bbbbbbbbbb(Yibr.fjijbzahdbasdigbdyibnamgbogjbdyibsmfigjnihh),
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbFbhq.grbohbobqiolagpbDyibqomjhbasbdyibya.hibdyig
bbbbbbb15bFbkfnnijbfgbdyibcagsnfcdb(qyigbaccohfagbqohbrfvigbzi)p
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibuoddni-hqamjbu.mgij,bdyibumogjbdyodbqohbnfsdij,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbOhbdyibunaaj-c.mmigdbhlmogr,byaddihdbasbqom-hqiodh;
bbbbbbbbbbHiftfgrbdyibyfnd,bsmazbzxbsaihbFbassuamibfd;
bbbbbbbbbbFbovigrijbohbFba.rydbdabdyifmbocdhbasbzonfrgfdx,
bbbbbbb20bDyibz.mjimbasbJogizigpbFbdyigbzokibdyiibdyfhblmazfhi,

{Yiamadbfhbsmiijbsmazbzaghdimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDya.'ndbuibounibfgbYiamadbcominihhbdabhn.zuim
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdyxbdymagrbasbyimaihbogjbdyibdyogihbasbdyxblialni
bbbbbbbbbbIvimxbogjbiocy,basbrmiodimbogjbnihhim,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdya.bgiijihdbgadbsiombsambdyizbsmazbdyibhinshozibjfmicdfag
bbbbbbb25bOhbdya.bsamzimnxbsiomijhd,bay,bsank-namjbasbHcxnjfgrh,
[58]bbbbbIgj-joxbsambiomnzigp"bDabdyibori-yaomxbzogbdyig,

{Dyibsoza.hbhqamjbfhblmihigdijbdabYmadyromp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmox-yofmijbcyfisdofg,bdyibranj-sohyfagijbhqamj-yfnd,
bbbbbbbbbbAnj-qamkbasbrfogdh,bqohbdyimi.lagbrfvig;
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdyibsonnbasbdyibsfigjh,bfdbsinnbdabdyibkiilfgr
bbbbbbb30bAsbdyibqfinjimbasbJogizig,bdyibqagjim-hzfdy'hbnouam,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibuoj-zaajijbuifgrbouogjagijbdyfhbqamnjbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbAllagigdbasbRaj,bvfcdfzbasbz.mjim,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbonhabyfhbzadyim;bfdbqigdbdabdyibkiilfgr
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibuihdbasbdyibqamnj-kfgrh,bqyimibqodimhbigcfmcni,
bbbbbbb35bQyabdyibhcadbjfvfjijbfgbHcxnjfgrbjazfgfagp

{Ymadyrombnaakhbcnahinxbodbdyibanjbhqamjp}

bbbbbbbbbbYmadyrombjfhca.mhij,bdyibyfndbyibmiromjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibogcfigdbyifmnaazbqyimibogbanj-dfzibcagdigdfag'h
bbbbbbbbbbUirfggfgrbqohbrmovig:bdyibr.mrnfgrbc.mmigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsnaajbhniqbdyimiosdimbdyibmocibasbdyibrfogdh,
bbbbbbb40bDyixbyojblmavijbdyizhinvihbjomfgr:bdyodblialnibqohbnadybda

{Fdbyojbuinagrijbdabobmocibyodis.nbdabRajp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibNamjbivimnohdfgr,bdyma.rybnohybasbdyibufnnaqh
bbbbbbbbbbDyibSodyimbrovibdyizbsfgonbmiw.fdonp
bbbbbbbbbbHabfgbniddimhbasbm.gibagbdyibcnohlbasbdyibyogjni
bbbbbbbbbbRniozfgrbogjbranjig,b'dqohbrmovigbieocdnx,
bbbbbbb45bHidbsamdybogjbhofj,bqyazbdyodbhqamjbyojbuiigbzojibsam,
bbbbbbbbbbSfgihdbasbfmagh,bqyabsfmhdbfdbqohbqma.rydbsam,
bbbbbbbbbbQmiodyijbodbfdhbyogjnibogjbrniozfgrbqfdybhimligdhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfhibagibdyigbhofjb(hfnigdbdyixbonnbqimi)

{YmadyromblmofhihbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbHagbasbanjbYionsjigi:b"Yibzoxbhoxb.gmis.dij
bbbbbbb50bQyablimsamzhb'zfjbdyibsank-zigbsofmgihhbogjbdm.dy
bbbbbbbbbb(Dyibyaomxbanjbm.nimbmizizuimhbdyiblohd),
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbuiddimbuxbufmdybfhbdyfhbuofmgbasbdyibgaunih!
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbsozibfhbiedigjijbdyma.rybsom-oqoxbca.gdmfih,
bbbbbbbbbbRaajbsmfigjbUiaq.ns,ba'imbonnbasbdyibmocih,
bbbbbbb55bDya.byanjihdbonnbsfmznx,byima-nfkibhdmigrdybqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbLm.jigcibasbhlfmfdpbF'nnblmavibzxhinsbrmodis.n
bbbbbbbbbbOhbuisamibqibormiijbag;bdya.brmogdijbsambnagrbhyond
bbbbbbbbbbUicazibobrmiodbcazsamdbdabkfghzigbogjbcazmojih,

{Yimizaj'hbcomiimbfhborofgbcagdmohdijbqfdybUiaq.ns'hp}

bbbbbbbbbbObyinlb.gdabyimaihpbYimizajbuicozibgad
bbbbbbb60bH.cybdabdyibHcxnjfgrh,bh.ccihhamhbasbIcrqino;
bbbbbbbbbbYibrmiqbgadbdablniohibdyiz,bu.dbrmfiva.hbjihdm.cdfag,
[59]bbbbbbOgjbjfmihazibjiody-qaihbdabJogizigboddmocdij;
bbbbbbbbbbYibhniqbfgbogrimbyfhbdouni-cazlogfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbDm.hdqamdyxbca.ghinnamh,bdfnnbyibd.mgijbassbnaginx
bbbbbbb65bSmazbqamnj- axhboqox,bqfji-soza.hbm.nim:
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybyfry-m.nfgrbyiovigbfgbyima-hdmigrdybmofhijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbzfrydbieondijbyfz,ba'imbzigbasbonnbgodfagh
bbbbbbbbbbZojibyfzbh.lmizi,bxidbobz.mjima.hbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbRmiqbfgbyfhbuahaz:byibrovibdyigbgabmfgr-rizh

{Obqmidcyijbsofn.mibasbobkfgr,bdabrfvibgab iqinhbdabyfhbmidofgimhp}

bbbbbbb70bDabdyibJogihbosdimbc.hdaz;bigj.mijbyib.g axs.n
bbbbbbbbbbHdogjfgrbdyibhdmofdhbsmazbhdmfsibdyodbqohbmorfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbNagrhazibsank-hammaqpbNiomgbdyigbsmazbdyfh,
bbbbbbbbbbNoxbyanjbasbvfmd.i!bDya.rybnojigbqfdybqfgdimh,
bbbbbbbbbbFbyovibh.grbdyiibdyihibzioh.mihpb'Dfhbobzomvinbdabdinnbfd,

{Ymadyrombzamonftihp}

bbbbbbb75bYaqbonn-m.nfgrbRajbsmazbrmiodgihhbasbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbRfvidybqfhjazbdabcyfnjmigbasbzig,
bbbbbbbbbbZogambogjbiomnhyfl:bonnbdyfgrhbYibm.nidyp
bbbbbbbbbbYibasdigblimzfddidybdyibzaaj-dya.rydbasbzogbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibfnn.hdmfa.hbnfgioribdabniogbdablahhihhfagh,
bbbbbbb80bOnnaqhbyfzbiomdynxbjinfrydhbodbyfhbzogam,
bbbbbbbbbbObyfry-u.mrbasbyimaihbdabyanjbfgbyfhbkiilfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbZokidyblamdfaghbasbiomdy-sankbyiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbobqfji-miocyfgrbkfgrjazbhabdyod,bqfhjazbsofnfgrbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbYibyfzhinsbfhb.gounibdabmickagbfdhbua.gjomfih;
bbbbbbb85bYibnfvidybfgbn.e.mx,bnfddnibjiuomhbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbGambhfckgihhbgambori,bgabdmiocyimx-hammaq
bbbbbbbbbbUicna.jidybyfhbhlfmfd,bcagsnfcdbgaqyimi,
bbbbbbbbbbGabhqamj-yodi,bolliomidy,bu.dbonnbasbdyibqamnjbjady
bbbbbbbbbbQigjbohbyibqfhyidy;bdyibqamhibyibkgaqidybgad,
bbbbbbb90bDfnnbommogdbommarogcibfgqomjblimvojfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQoeidybogjbhlmfgridy,bqyigbdyibqomjimbfhbhniilfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibr.omjbasbdyibha.n:bqfdybhammaqhbigcazlohhij,
bbbbbbbbbbDaabha.gjbfhbyfhbhn.zuim,bdyibhnoximbfhbgiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqfdybuaqbogjbommaqbofzidybfgbzonfcip

[60]

bbbb[1]bAmbmodyim,blimyolh,b'_dyibfgnofj,bambjozohkiigijbqiolag_p'bCsp
bbbb24_57bogjbgadip




EEVFp

YMADYROMbZAMONFTIHp--MIHDbOSDIMbNOUAMp


{Obqa.gjijbhlfmfdp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Dyigbum.fhijbfgbyfhbuahazbyibqfdybufddim-daadyijbzfhhfni
bbbbbbbbbbFhby.mdb'giodybyfhbyinzid:bsmazbyomzs.nblann.dfag
bbbbbbbbbbYibfhblaqimnihhbdabhyfinjbyfzbuxbdyibqagjims.nbzogjodih
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibnaody-c.mhèjbhlfmfd;bqyodbdaabnagrbyibyodybyanjig
bbbbbbbb5bYfzbhiizidybdaabhzonn,bhovoribyibyaomjidy,
bbbbbbbbbbGambuaohds.nnxbrfvidybranj-lnodijbmfgrh,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsodibasbdyibs.d.mibsna.dhbogjbsamriddidy
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibRajbyojbimhdbrfvigbyfzbrmiodgihhbgabnfddni,
bbbbbbbbbbQfinjimbasbRnamxpbYfhbigj-joxbogiom,
bbbbbbb10bFdbosdimqomjbyollighbdyodbdyibuajfnx-jqinnfgr
bbbbbbbbbbSniidfgrnxbsojidy,bsonnhbfgdabm.fgh;
bbbbbbbbbbOgadyimbnoxhbyanjbqyabjanidybdyibamgozigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibgaunizog'hb iqinh,bgadyfgrbnozigdfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYiijidybgabdimmampbAy,bUiaq.nsbjiom,
bbbbbbb15bUihdbasbdyibyimaih,bsmazbuoni-hdmfsibjisigjbdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbcyaahibdyiibdyibuiddim,bca.ghinhbidimgon;

{Uibgadbavimblma.j:bnfsibfhbsniidfgr,bogjbfdhbhdmigrdybhaagbqohdidyboqoxp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiqomibasbommarogci,bqamnj-soza.hbcyozlfag!
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbobnfddni-qyfnibnohdhbdyxbnfsi-vfram'hbs.ngihh;
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqfnnbosdimbyolbiomnx,bdyodbfnngihhbambhqamj-ijri
bbbbbbb20bHyonnblomdbdyiibsmazbhdmigrdy,bambdyibrmohlbasbdyibsfmi,
bbbbbbbbbbAmbdyibqovibasbdyibc.mmigd,bambcn.dcybasbdyibijrih,
bbbbbbbbbbAmbsnfrydbasbdyibqom-hliom,bamboribqfdybfdhbyammamh,
bbbbbbbbbbAmbdyfgibixih'bumfrydbsnohyfgrbhyonnbsojibfgdabjomkgihh:
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqfnnbyolligbs.nnbiomnx,biecinnigdbyima,

{Ymadyrombrfvihbogbocca.gdbasbyfhbmifrgp}

bbbbbbb25bDyodbjiodybhyonnbh.uj.ibdyiipbHabdyibJogihbobyons-cigd.mx
bbbbbbbbbbFbyinjb.gjimbyiovig,byinlijbdyizbfgbhdm.rrnih
bbbbbbbbbb'Rofghdbzogxbobmocibfgbzfjjni-iomdy'hbmirfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybohy-qaajbogjbijrih,bdyodbigizfihbgagi
bbbbbbbbbbAgbiomdybzanihdijbzipbNa!basshiddfgrbcyogri,bgaq,

[61]

{Hammaqbosdimb axp}

bbbbbbb30bCozibdabzxbzogam,brmfisbosdimb axogci,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbRmigjinbuicozibzxbcaghdogdbvfhfdam,
bbbbbbbbbbFgvidimodibyodim:bFbsmazbdyodbzonfci
bbbbbbbbbbCagdfg.onnxbdmovofnijbqfdybdma.unibgabnfddnip
bbbbbbbbbbDyogkhbuibdabRajbdyodbFbrofgijbfgbzxbnfsidfzi,
bbbbbbb35bDabdyibNamjbivimnohdfgr,bdabnaakbagbdyibramx
bbbbbbbbbbYiojbqfdybzfgibixih,bosdimbnagr-nohdfgrbhammaq!
bbbbbbbbbbRabdabdyibuigcybgaq,buoddni-ojamgèj
bbbbbbbbbb axbfgbdyibsiohdfgr:basb iqinhbfgbcazzag
bbbbbbbbbbQi'nnbziidbqfdybzogxbqyigbzamgfgrbolliomidyp"
bbbbbbb40bDyibRiodzogbqohbrnojhazi,brogrijbyibfzzijfodinx
bbbbbbbbbbDabrabdabdyibuigcy,bohbdyibcnivimbagibuojibyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigborofgbohbuisamibqimibdyibsoza.h-sam-lmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbYonn-fgyoufdimh,byogjhazinxbuogw.idij,
bbbbbbbbbbSiohdijbogiqpbDyibgfryd-vifnbsinnbdyig
bbbbbbb45bJomkba'imbdyibqommfamhpbDyibca.mdfimhbmahibdyig;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmox-yofmijbqohbogefa.hbdabrabdabyfhbhn.zuimh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyaomxbanjbHcxnjfgrpbYogkimijbdyibRiodzog,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbsorrij,bogjbhiikhbmihdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibcyozlfagbja.rydx,brmiodnx,bdabmihdbyfz:
bbbbbbbbbbOgbiomnzogbiomnxba.dqomjbjfjbniojbyfz,
bbbbbbb50bSorrijbsmazbyfhbsomfgr,bsmazbsom-ca.gdmxbhlmfgrfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabsambidfw.iddi'hbhokibonnbasbobnfirizog'h
bbbbbbbbbbGiijhbmiromjij,bh.cybohbhiozigbodbdyodbdfzi
bbbbbbbbbbQimibua.gjigbdabsiinpbDyibufr-yiomdijbmihdij;
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.fnjfgrb.ldaqimij,bhlocfa.hbogjbrfnjij,
bbbbbbb55bDyibr.ihdbqfdyfgbhn.zuimij,bdfnnbdyibhouni-cnojbmovig
bbbbbbbbbbUnfdyinxbsamiuajijbdyibuiocagbasbyiovigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibumfryd-hyfgfgrbh.gba'imbdyibuaddazhbcozibrafgr;[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqommfamhbyohdigij,bdyibyiojhbasbdyiblialnih
bbbbbbbbbbQimibmiojxbdabraborofgbdabdyifmblialnih,

{DyibRiodhblmilomibdabniovibJogi-nogjp}

bbbbbbb60bDyibyfry-zaajijbsomimbqa.njbsomoqoxbdyigciqomj
bbbbbbbbbbNaakbsambyfhbvihhinpbDyibvonfogdbagibuojibdyig,[3]

[62]

{.gsimdybohkhbUiaq.nsbdaboccildbyfhbhqamjbohbobrfsdpbUiaq.nsbdyogkhbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbAsshlmfgrbasbIcrnos,bassbdabuiombYm.gdfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDabdokibyfhbqiolag,byfhbqinn-uinavijbfmag;
bbbbbbbbbbYibyfzbdyogkijbsambdyibrfsd,bhoxfgrbraajbyibocca.gdij
bbbbbbb65bDyibqom-smfigjbogjbzfrydx,bgambcyfjbyibqfdybqamjhbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunojibasbdyibumogj:b'dqohbobumovi-zaajijbyimap
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibqommfamhbqimibmiojx,bommoxijbfgbdyifmbdmollfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibodyinfgrbjiombdabdyibJogizigbojvogcijbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdabdyibjofh,bqyimibdyibadyimbqohbhfddfgr,
bbbbbbb70bRmfz-zaajijbyima,brmiidijbKfgrbYmadyromp

bbbb[1]bKpbhoxhb'_lma.jnxbrfvidy_p'--Rmpbhoxh,b'_Ogjbrfvihbgabranj-lnodij
bbbbmfgrh,bfgbamjimbdabfgcfdibdyibmicflfigdbdabuaohds.ngihh_p'--Up
bbbbh.rrihdhb'rxnj'bsamb'rxnl,'bogjbmigjimh:b_Ogjbrfvihbgabuiodigbmfgrh
bbbbsambmiqomj_p

bbbb[2]bFsbHp'hbizigjodfagbuiboccildij,bvpb57bqfnnbmioj:b_Dyigbcozibdyi
bbbbnfryd,brafgrbumfrydbosdimbjomkgihh:bdyibqommfamh,bidc_p

bbbb[3]bOhbdyiblohhoribhdogjhbfgbYp-Hap,b.gsimdyblmihigdhbUiaq.nsbqfdybdyi
bbbbhqamjbYm.gdfgr,bogjbUpbdyogkhbyfzbsambdyibrfsdpbFs,byaqivim,bdyi
bbbbh.rrihdfaghbasbRmjdvrpbogjbZpbuiboccildij,bdyiblohhoribqfnnbmioj:
bbbb_Dyigbdyibumovibagib(_fpip_bUiaq.ns)bcazzogjijbdyodbYm.gdfgrbuibuamgi
bbbbdabdyibhagbasbIcrnosb(.gsimdy),buojibyfzbdokibyfhbhqamj,byfhbjiom
bbbbqiolag;byib(Up)bdyogkijbyfzb(.p)bsambdyibnaog,bidc_p




EEVFFp

HAMMAQbODbLOMDFGRp


{Uiaq.ns'hbsomiqinnp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhloki,bIcrdyiaq'hbasshlmfgr:
bbbbbbbbbb"Qibzigbasbdyibqodimbqfhybdabjicnomibgaq
bbbbbbbbbbSomijbsmazbsom-nogjh,bqi'mibsfmznxbjidimzfgij
bbbbbbbbbbDabhiikbKfgrbYfrinocpbYimibyovibqibsfdnx
bbbbbbbb5bUiigbqincazijbogjbsiohdij,bohbyiomdbqa.njbjihfmibfd;
bbbbbbbbbbRaajbqohbdyibrmiidfgrpbFsbrmiodimbossicdfag
bbbbbbbbbbFbozbogxqfhibounibivimbagbiomdybda
bbbbbbbbbbRofgbodbdyxbyogjh,bm.nimbasbyimaih,
bbbbbbbbbbDyogbxidbFbyovibjagi,bFbhyonnbw.fcknxbuibmiojx

{Fbhyonnbuibivimbmiojxbdabofjbdyiip}

bbbbbbb10bSambcazuodbogjbcagsnfcdpbA'imbdyibca.mhibasbdyibqodimh
bbbbbbbbbbNiomgbFbdyodbgifryuamhbonomzbdyiibqfdybdimmam,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbyodimhbjfjbqyfnaz,bFbyfdyimbqfnnbumfgrbdyii
bbbbbbbbbbSambyinlb.gdabyimaihbyigcyzigbuxbdya.hogjhp

{Zxbnfirinamjbqfnnbigca.moribzibfgbofjfgrbdyiip}

bbbbbbbbbbFbkgaqbohbdabYfrinoc,bdyibnamjbasbdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbb15bDya.rybxa.grbfgbxiomh,byibxidbqfnnblimzfdbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbUxbqamjhbogjbuxbqamkh,bqomjbasbdyiblialni,
bbbbbbbbbbS.nnxbdabs.mgfhybdyiibsamcihbogjbuiombdyii
bbbbbbbbbbZxbnogcibdabminfivibdyii,bfsbnfirizigbhyonnbsofnbdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyinlbasbzxbyogj-hdmigrdy;bfsbYmidymfcbuibdmiodfgr,
[63]bbb20bUofmgbasbdyibkfgr,bodbdyibca.mdbasbdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbYibdyimiodbzoxbsfgjbyfzbsmfigjhbfgbou.gjogci:
bbbbbbbbbbSomoqoxbca.gdmfihbyibqimibuiddimbdabhiikbsam
bbbbbbbbbbQyabdm.hdhbfgbyfzhinsp"bYmadyrombjfhca.mhijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbZokfgrbmi afgjim:b"Dyihibqamjhbdya.byohdb.ddimij
bbbbbbb25bOnn-kgaqfgrbRajbyodybrfvigbdyxbhlfmfd!

{AbUiaq.ns,bdya.bomdbqfhibuixagjbdyxbxiomhp}

bbbbbbbbbbGi'imbyiomjbFbogbiomnzogbdy.hbiomnxbfgbnfsi
bbbbbbbbbbZamibcnivimbfgbhliokfgr:bdya.'mdbco.dfa.hbasbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydxbasbz.hcni,bfgbza.dy-oghqimhblm.jigdp
bbbbbbbbbbFbca.gdbagbdyibyalibdyod,byolligbfdbivim
bbbbbbb30bDyodbzfhhfnibhyonnbmaubdyiibasbYmidyin'hbjihcigjogd,
bbbbbbbbbbIjri-yammfjbuoddni,bogjbfnngihhbambqiolag
bbbbbbbbbbJilmfvibdyiibasblmfgci,basblialni'hblmadicdam,

{Hya.njbYfrinocbjfi,bdyibRiodhbca.njbsfgjbgabuiddimbh.ccihhambdyogbdya.
qa.njhdbzokip}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbnfsibdya.bxidbyanjihd,bdyibHio-Riodhbqfnnbgivim
bbbbbbbbbbSfgjbobzamibsfddfgrbsank-namjbdabcyaahibdyiz,
bbbbbbb35bRiz-qomjbasbyimaih,bdyogb_dya._bzfrydihdblmavibdyii,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbdyibkfgrjazbasbkfghzigbdya.bcomihdbdabravimgp
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbzaaj-hlfmfdbnfkihbzibdyibnagrimbdyibuiddim,
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbjiom:bdya.byohdbuma.rydbfdbdablohhbdyod
bbbbbbbbbbDabuadybdyihiblialnihbliocibhyonnbuibcazzag,

{Dya.byohdbyionijbdyibogcfigdbumiocybuidqiigba.mbmocihp}

bbbbbbb40bDabRiod-sankbogjbJogizig,bdyibhdmfsibuibh.hligjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhicmidbohhofnfgrhbdyixbh.ssimijbfgbxami-joxh;
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbonhabdyodb iqinhbuibhyomijbqyfnibFbravimg
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfji-hdmidcyfgrbkfgrjaz,bogjbdyodbzogxbhyonnbvfhfd
bbbbbbbbbbAdyimhba'imbdyibaciogbqfdybiecinnigdbrfsd-rizh:
bbbbbbb45bDyibmfgr-ojamgijbuomkbhyonnbumfgrba'imbdyibc.mmigdh
bbbbbbbbbbLmihigdhbogjbnavi-rfsdhpbDyfhblialnibFbkgaq
bbbbbbbbbbDaq'mjbsaizogbogjbsmfigjbsfmznxbihdounfhyij,[1]
bbbbbbbbbbOsdimbogcfigdbidfw.iddibivimxqfhibunozinihhp"
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibqomjigbasbiomnzigbrovibyfzbhdfnnbsomdyim,

{Lomdfgrbrfsdh}

bbbbbbb50bKfghzogbasbYionsjigi,bobjatigbasb iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbUojibyfzbhosinxbhiikbqfdybdyiblmihigdh
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbqinn-uinavijblialni,biomnxbmid.mgfgrp

[64]

{YmadyrombkfhhihbUiaq.ns,bogjbqiilhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibgauni-uamgbkfgrbkfhhijbdyibjfhdfgr.fhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbJiom-navèjbnfirizog,bdyibJogi-lmfgcibhon.dijbyfz,
bbbbbbb55bOgjbcnohlèjbyfhbgick;bdiomhbsmazbyfzbsinn,
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbdyibrmox-yiojijbzog:byibdqabdyfgrhbielicdij,
bbbbbbbbbbOrèjbogjbmivimigj,bu.dbmodyimbdyibhicagj,
bbbbbbbbbb[2]Dyodbuanjbfgbca.gcfnbdyix'jbziidbdyimiosdimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzogbqohbhabjiombdyodbyibsofnijbdabh.llmihhbdyi
bbbbbbb60bIzadfaghbdyodbzavijbyfz,bu.dbfgbzaaj-siddimhbsohdigij

{Dyibanjbkfgrbfhbjiilnxbrmfivijbdablomdbqfdybyfhbuigisocdamp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibnagr-soza.hbyimabnagridybfgbhicmid
bbbbbbbbbbJiilbfgbyfhbhlfmfdbsambdyibjiom-uinavijbzog
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybgadbobunaaj-kfghzogpbUiaq.nsbdyigciqomj,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-hlnigjfjbqommfam,bqonkijba'imbdyibziojaqh
bbbbbbb65bIe.ndfgrbfgbdmioh.mi:bdyibhio-rafgrbvihhin
bbbbbbbbbbMfjfgrbodbogcyamboqofdijbfdhbaqgimp
bbbbbbbbbbOhbdyixblmihhijbagbdyifmbqoxbdyig,bdyiblmihigdbasbYmadyrom

{Rfvfgrbnfuimonnxbfhbdyibdm.iblmaasbasbkfgrhyflp}

bbbbbbbbbbQohbsmiw.igdnxbmisimmijbda:bobsank-kfgrbfgjiijbdyod
bbbbbbbbbbIvimxqoxbunozinihh,bdfnnboribjfjbjiuombyfz
bbbbbbb70bDyib axhbasbyfhbzfryd,bqyfcybyodybzogxbasdbfg .mijp

bbbb[1]bSamb'riqamydi,'bdyibcm.ebasbdyfhblohhori,bUpblmalahihb'riþóydi,'
bbbbmigjimfgr:b_Fbkgaqbdyfhblialnibqfdybsfmzbdya.rydbivimxbqoxbunozinihh
bbbbdaqomjhbsaibogjbsmfigjh_p

bbbb[2]bHpbogjbUpbizigjbhabohbdabgirodfvibdyibvimub'ziidp'b"Qyxbhya.nj
bbbbYmadyrombqiilbfsbyibielicdhbdabziidbUiaq.nsborofg?"buadybdyihi
bbbbhcyanomhbohkpbU.dbdyibqiilfgrbfhbzigdfagijbuisamibdyib'ielicdodfagh':
bbbbdyibdiomhbzoxbyovibuiigbj.ibdabzogxbizadfagh,bihlicfonnxbrmodfd.ji,
bbbbhdm.rrnfgrbsambielmihhfagp




EEVFFFp

DYIbYAZIQOMJb A.MGIXp--DYIbDQAbW.IIGHp


bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibuogjbasbvimxbvonfogdbmidofgimh
bbbbbbbbbbCozibdabdyibc.mmigd;bdyixbqimibcnojbonnbfgbomzam,

{Dyibcaohd-r.omjborofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbnfgk-qavigbu.mgfihpbDyibnogj-qomjimbgadfcij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmid.mgbasbdyibiomnzig,bohbyibimhdqyfnibyojbhiigbdyiz;
bbbbbbbb5bGaqfhibqfdybfgh.ndbyibrmiidijbdyibhdmogrimh
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbdyibgotibasbdyibcnfss,bu.dbmajibagbdabziidbdyiz;
bbbbbbbbbbHofjbdyibumfryd-omzamijbvfhfdamh[1]bvihhinqomjbdmovinij
[65]bbbbbbQincazibdabQijimhpbDyibqfji-uahazijbcmosdbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbNoxbagbdyibhogj,bnojigbqfdybomzam,
bbbbbbb10bQfdybyamhihbogjb iqinh,bdyibmfgr-hdizzèjbhofnim:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzohdb.ldaqimijba'imbdyibdmioh.mibasbYmadyromp

{Uiaq.nsbrfvihbdyibr.omjbobyogjhazibhqamjp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibuaod-qomjbobranj-ua.gjbumogjbyiblmihigdij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbyibqohbosdimqomjhbyagamijbagbdyiboni-uigcybzamibyfrynx
bbbbbbbbbbOhbdyibyifmnaaz'hbaqgimpb[2]Hidbyiba.dbagbyfhbvihhin,
bbbbbbb15bDabjmfvibagbdyibjiil,bJogi-ca.gdmxbnisdbyip
bbbbbbbbbbOnagrbuxbdyibzohdbdyigbobhio-romzigdbsn.ddimij,
bbbbbbbbbbObmali-sohdigijbhofnpbDyibhio-uaodbmiha.gjij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfgjba'imbdyibqodimhbdyibqovi-snaodimbgaqfhi
bbbbbbbbbbKildbsmazbfdhb a.mgix;bdyibhio-raimbdmovinij,
bbbbbbb20bDyibsaozx-gickijbsnaodijbsamdyba'imbdyibc.mmigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqinn-sohyfagijbvihhinba'imbdyibqoxhbasbdyibaciog,

{DyibRiodhbhiibdyifmbaqgbnogjborofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyixbcozibqfdyfgbhfrydbasbdyibcnfsshbasbdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqinn-kgaqgbyiojnogjhpbDyibqovi-raimbyohdigij
bbbbbbbbbbJmfvigbuxbumiitih,bhdaajbagbdyibhyamip

{Dyiblamd-qomjigbfhbogefa.hnxbnaakfgrbsambdyizp}

bbbbbbb25bLmazldbodbdyibaciog,bdyiblamd-qomjbqohbmiojx,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabnagrbfgbdyiblohdba.dnaakijbfgbdyibjfhdogci,[3]
bbbbbbbbbbOdbqodim'h-ijribqofdfgrbqinn-navèjbyimaih;
bbbbbbbbbbYibua.gjbdabdyibuogkbdyigbdyibumaoj-uahazijbvihhin
bbbbbbbbbbSohdbfgbfdhbsiddimh,bnihdbdyibsamcibasbdyibqodimh
bbbbbbb30bHya.njbuibounibdabfg .mibdyibaciog-qaajbqfghazip
bbbbbbbbbbUojibyib.lbdyigbdokibdyibdmioh.mibasblmfgcih,
bbbbbbbbbbLnodi-ranjbogjbsmidqamk;bgadbsombqohbfdbdyigci
bbbbbbbbbbDabrabassbfgbhiomcybasbdyibrfvimbasb iqinh:
[66]bbbbbbYmidyin'hbhagbYfrinocbodbyazibdyimibmizofgidy,[4]
bbbbbbb35bYfzhinsbqfdybyfhbcazmojihbcnahibdabdyibhio-caohdp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.fnjfgrbqohbhlnigjfj,bdyibkfgrbyimafc,
bbbbbbbbbbRmiodbfgbyfhbyonn,bYxrjbvimxbxa.grbqoh,

{Yxrj,bdyibgaunibw.iigbasbYfrinoc,bnovfhybasbrfsdhp}

bbbbbbbbbbSfgi-zaajij,bcnivim,bdya.rybsiqbqimibdyibqfgdimh
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibjo.rydimbasbYæmidybyojbjqindbfgbdyibuama.ry;
bbbbbbb40bU.dbhyibgaqfhibqohbcmfgrfgrbgambgfrromjbasblmihigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbamgozigdhbmomi,bdabdyibmocibasbdyibRiodzigp

{Asso'hbcaghamd,bDymxdya,bfhbcagdmohdijbqfdybYxrjp}

bbbbbbbbbbDymxdyabg.mhijbogrim,biecinnigd[5]bsank-w.iig,
bbbbbbbbbbYad-u.mgfgrbyodmij:bgabyimabqyodivim
bbbbbbbbbb'Zagrbya.hiyanjbcazlogfagh,byimby.huogjbiecildij

{Hyibfhbobdimmambdabonnbhovibyimby.huogjp}

bbbbbbb45bJomijbdabojvigd.mibdabnaakbodbdyibqazog
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybixihbfgbdyibjoxdfzi;[6]bu.dbyibkgiqbdyodbjiody-cyofgh
bbbbbbbbbbYogj-qmiodyijbqimibqma.rydbyfz:biomnxbdyimiosdim,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibyogj-hdmfsibqohbavim,bijrihbqimibmiojx,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbsfimci-morfgrbhqamj-lafgdbyojbdabsamcibobjicfhfag,
bbbbbbb50bZ.mjim-uonibhyaqpbH.cybgabqazognxbc.hdaz
bbbbbbbbbbSambobnojxbdablmocdfhi,bdya.rybnavinxbyimblimhag,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbobqiovim-as-lioci,bagblmidigcibasbogrim
bbbbbbbbbbObuinavèjbnfirizogbasbnfsibhya.njbjilmfvip
bbbbbbbbbbHaadynxbdyfhbyfgjimijbYizfgr'hbkfghzog;
bbbbbbb55bAdyimboni-jmfgkfgrbiomnzigbohhimdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbsioms.nbsank-hammaqhbsiqimbhyibqma.rydbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbDmiocyima.hbjafgrh,bhfgcibsfmhdbhyibqohbrfvig
bbbbbbbbbbOjamgijbqfdybranjbdabdyibqom-yimabxa.dys.n,
bbbbbbbbbbSambyimbamfrfgbyagamij,bqyigbAsso'hbrmiodblonoci
bbbbbbb60bA'imbdyibsonnaqbsnaajbuxbyimbsodyim'hbfghdm.cdfagh
bbbbbbbbbbHyibha.rydbagbyimb a.mgix,bqyimibhyibosdimqomjhbs.nnx,
bbbbbbbbbbSozijbsambyimbvfmd.i,byimbsodibagbdyibkfgr'h-hiod
[67]bbbbbbIg axijbfgbyimbnfsidfzi,bnavibjfjbhyibyanjbqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibm.nimbasbyimaih,bdyibuihd,bfdbfhbdanjbzi,
bbbbbbb65bAsbonnbasbdyibiomdyzigbdyodbacioghbigcazlohh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbiomn-kfgjmijhbigjnihh;byigcibAssobqohbsoza.h
bbbbbbbbbbSombogjbqfjinx,buxbrfsdhbogjbuxbuoddnih,
bbbbbbbbbbHliom-vonfogdbyima;bdyibyazibasbyfhbsodyimh
bbbbbbbbbbYibravimgijbqfdybqfhjaz,bqyigcibIazæmbjfjbfhh.i
bbbbbbb70bSambyinlb.gdabyimaih,bYizfgr'hbkfghzog,
bbbbbbbbbbRmogjhagbasbRomz.gj,brmiodbfgbigca.gdimhp

bbbb[1]bSamb'hcoqog'b(1896),b'hcoðog'byohbuiigblmalahijpbOccildfgrbdyfh,
bbbbqibzoxbmigjim:b_Yibhofjbdyibumfryd-omzamijbqommfamhbqimibrafgrbda
bbbbdyifmbvihhin,bqincazi,bidc_pb(Cspb1804p)

bbbb[2]bMpbh.rrihdh,b'Riqádbyfzbagbgoco,'bogjbmigjimh:b_Dyibvihhinbhid
bbbba.d,bdabjmfvibagbdyibhio,bdyibJogi-ca.gdmxbnisd_pb'Ag'buiomhbdyi
bbbbonnfdimodfag;bcspb'agbyos.'b(2524)pbDyfhbyohbhazibojvogdorihbavimbdyi
bbbbYp-Hapbmiojfgr;bvftpb(1)bFdbojjhbgadyfgrbdabdyibdied;b(2)bfdbzokih
bbbb'goco'bdyibh.u icd,bogjbdy.hbumfgrhbdyiblohhoribfgdabkiilfgrbqfdybdyi
bbbbcagdied,bqyimibdyiblaidbyohbieyo.hdijbyfhbvacou.nomxbfgbjidofnfgrbdyi
bbbbocdfaghbasbdyibvihhinp--Up'hbizigjodfagb(cspbLpbogjbUpbEFFpb97)bfh
bbbbvfanigdp

bbbb[3]bUpbdmoghnodih:b_Qyabsambobnagrbdfzi,bmiojxbodbdyibcaohd,byoj
bbbbnaakijba.dbfgdabdyibjfhdogcibiorimnxbsambdyibjiombzig_pbDyfhbcyogrih
bbbbdyibhxgdoebasb'néasmobzoggop'

bbbb[4]bSamb'q.goð'b(vpb1924)bhivimonbizfgigdbcmfdfchbh.rrihdb'q.goji'
bbbb(=mizofgij)pbDyfhbzokihbdyiblohhoribz.cybcniomimp

bbbb[5]bQyxbhya.njbh.cybobqazogbuibjihcmfuijbohbogb'iecinnigd'bw.iig?bCp
bbbbh.rrihdhb'smécg.'b=bjogrima.h,buanjp

bbbb[6]bSamb'ogbjærih'bvomfa.hbmiojfgrhbyovibuiigbassimijpbFsb'ogj-érih'
bbbbuiboccildij,bdyibhigdigcibqfnnbmioj:b_Gabyimabpppbjomijbnaakb.lagbyim,
bbbbixibdabixi_pbFsb'ág-jærih'buibojaldij,bdmoghnodi:b_Jomijbnaakb.lagbyim
bbbbdyibqyanibjox_p




EEFEp

UIAQ.NSbOGJbYFRINOCp


bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibumovibagibjilomdij,byfhbuogjbonagrbqfdybyfz,

{Uiaq.nsbogjbyfhblomdxbhiikbYfrinocp}

bbbbbbbbbbHiikfgrbdyibhio-hyami,bdyibhio-zomcyihbdmiojfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfji-hdmidcyfgrbhyamihpbDyibqamnj-cogjnibrnfzzimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibh.gbsmazbdyibha.dyqomj;bdyixblmaciijijbdyigbagqomj,
bbbbbbbb5bIomnxbommfvfgrbqyimibdyixbyiomjbdyodbdyibdmaal-namj,
bbbbbbbbbbAgrigdyiaq'hbhnoxim,biecinnigd,bxa.dys.n
bbbbbbbbbbSank-lmfgcibogjbqommfambqohbjfhdmfu.dfgrb iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbCnahibfgbyfhbcohdnipbDyibcazfgrbasbUiaq.ns
bbbbbbbbbbQohbogga.gcijbfgbobzihhoribw.fcknxbdabYfrinoc,
bbbbbbb10bDyodbdyibsank-dmaal'hbjisigjimbsamdybdabdyiblonoci
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfgjig-cazlogfagbonfvibqohbojvogcfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbHic.mibsmazbdyibcazuodbca.mdqomjbo-rafgrp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.fnjfgrbqohbiomnxbfgqomjbzojibmiojx
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibsaad-rafgrbr.ihdhbohbdyibraajbagibyojbamjimijp

{Uiaq.nsbhfdhbuxbyfhbnfirinamjp}

bbbbbbb15bYibhodbuxbdyibzogbdyigbqyabyojbnfvijbdyma.rybdyibhdm.rrni,
bbbbbbbbbbKfghzogbuxbkfghzog,bqyigbdyibkfgrbasbdyiblialni
bbbbbbbbbbYojbfgbnamjnxbnogr.oribhon.dijbdyibjiombagi,

{W.iigbYxrjbmicifvihbdyibyimaihp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbqamjhbdyodbqimibsamzonpbDyibjo.rydimbasbYæmidy
bbbbbbbbbbCa.mhijbdyma.rybdyibu.fnjfgr,bcommxfgrbzioj-c.lh:[1]
[68]bbb20bHyibnavijbdyibmidofgimh,bdigjimijbdyibuiokimh
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibyfry-zfgjijbRiodzigpbYfrinocb'rogbdyig

{YfrinocbfhbrmiodnxbfgdimihdijbfgbUiaq.ns'hbojvigd.mihp}

bbbbbbbbbbLniohogdnxblnxfgrbyfhbcazlogfagbqfdybw.ihdfagh
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibyfry-daqimfgrblonocipbObc.mfa.hbfgdimihd
bbbbbbbbbbDamzigdijbyfhbhlfmfd,bqyodbziogfgrbdabhiibfg
bbbbbbb25bDyibHio-Riodh'bojvigd.mih:b"Uiaq.nsbqamdyx,

{Rfvibogbocca.gdbasbdyxbojvigd.mih,bUiaq.nsbjiomp}

bbbbbbbbbbYaqbdymavibxa.mb a.mgixfgr,bqyigbdya.bdya.rydihdbh.jjignx
bbbbbbbbbbSomba'imbdyibhond-hdmiozhbdabhiikbogbigca.gdim,
bbbbbbbbbbObuoddnibodbYiamad?bYohdbuiddimijbsambYmadyrom,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsoza.hbsank-niojim,byfhbsom-l.unfhyijbhammaqh
bbbbbbb30bOgxbodbonn?bFgboragx-ufnnaqh

{Zxbh.hlighibyohbuiigbrmiodp}

bbbbbbbbbbFbz.hijb.lagbdamd.mi,bjfhdm.hdijbdyib a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibuinavèjbnfirizog;bFbnagrbdfzibjfjblmoxbdyii
bbbbbbbbbbUxbgabzioghbdabhiikba.dbdyibz.mjima.hbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbDabh.ssimbdyibHa.dy-Jogihbdyizhinvihbdabjicfjibag[2]
bbbbbbb35bRmollnfgrbqfdybRmigjinpbDabRajbFbozbdyogks.n
bbbbbbbbbbDabuibh.ssimijbdabhiibdyiibhosibsmazbdyxb a.mgixp"

{Uiaq.nsbgommodihbyfhbojvigd.mihp}

bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsboghqimij,buofmgbasbanjbIcrdyiaq:
bbbbbbbbbb"'Dfhbyfjjigbuxbgabziogh,bYfrinocbcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbzogxbasbzig,bdyibziidfgrbhabsoza.h,
bbbbbbb40bQyodbza.mgs.nbzazigdhbasbzibogjbasbRmigjin
bbbbbbbbbbQimiblohhijbfgbdyiblnocibqyimibyiblmihhfgrbossnfcdfag
bbbbbbbbbbAgbdyibVfcdamx-Hcxnjfgrhbhcodyis.nnxbuma.ryd,
bbbbbbbbbbOgr.fhybsamivim;bdyodbonnbFbovigrèj,
bbbbbbbbbbHabdyodbogxb.gjimbyiovigbasbdyibkfghzigbasbRmigjin

{Rmigjin'hbkfgjmijbyovibgabco.hibdabuaohdp}

bbbbbbb45bGiijidybgadbuaohdbasbdyodbcmx-fg-dyi-zamgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabnagrihdbnfvidybasbdyibnady-rafgrbkfgjmij,[3]
bbbbbbbbbbIgcazlohhijbuxbzaamnogjpbFbcozibfgbzxb a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibmaxonbmfgr-yonn,bYmadyrombdabrmiidbdyimi:

{Ymadyrombmicifvijbzibvimxbcamjfonnxp}

bbbbbbbbbbHaagbjfjbdyibsoza.hbhcfagbasbYionsjigi,
bbbbbbb50bQyigbyib.gjimhdaajbs.nnxbdyibhlfmfdbdyodbnijbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbOhhfrgbzibobhiodbqfdybdyibhagbasbyfhbuahazp
[69]bbbbbbDyibdmaalbqohbfgb axogci;bzioj-rniibrmiodim
bbbbbbbbbb'GiodybomcybasbdyibidyimbgadbivimbuiyinjbF

{Dyibw.iigbonhabhyaqijb.lbgabnfddnibyagamp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Zfjbyonn-u.fnjfgrbyanjimhpbDyibyfrynx-sozijbw.iig,
bbbbbbb55bLioci-dfibasblialnih,basdblohhijbdyma.rybdyibu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbCyiimijbdyibxa.grbdmaalimh;bhyibasdbdigjimijbobyima
bbbbbbbbbbObuio.dfs.nbmfgr-uogj,bimibhyibqigdbdabyimbhfddfgrp

{Ymadyrom'hbnavinxbjo.rydimp}

bbbbbbbbbbAsdbdyibjo.rydimbasbYmadyrombfgbvfiqbasbdyibca.mdfimh
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibiomnhbodbdyibigjbdyiboni-vihhinbcommfij,
bbbbbbb60bQyazbSmioqomibFbyiomjbdyigbyonn-hfddimhbdfdni,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbgofn-ojamgijb iqinhbhyibrovibdabdyibyimaih:

{HyibfhbuidmadyijbdabFgrinj,bfgbamjimbdab.gfdibdyibJogihbogjbYiodyauomjhp}

bbbbbbbbbbRanj-uijickij,bxa.dys.n,bdabdyibrnojbhagbasbSmajo
bbbbbbbbbbYimbsofdybyohbuiigblnfrydij;bdyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibr.omjbasbdyibkfgrjaz,byodybrfvigbyfhbhogcdfag,[4]
bbbbbbb65bOgjbca.gdhbfdbobvogdori,bsamboblomdbasbdyibw.omminh,
bbbbbbbbbbOblamdfagbasbyodmij,bdabloxbqfdybdyibqazogp
bbbbbbbbbb[5]Haziqyimibgadbmominx,bqyigbdyibm.nimbyohbsonnig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfsi-dokfgrbnogcibminoeidybfdhbs.mx
bbbbbbbbbbSambobumfisbumiodyfgr-hlinn,bdya.rybdyibumfjibuibcyomzfgr!

bbbb[1]b'Ziaj.-hcigc.z'b(1981)bhazibqa.njbmigjimb'_qfdybzioj-la.mimh_p'
bbbbDmoghnodibdyig:b_Dyibjo.rydimbasbYæmidybqigdbdyma.rybdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbboccazlogfijbuxbzioj-la.mimh_p

bbbb[2]bHiibzxbgadibdab1599,bh.lmo,bogjbUpbfgbLpbogjbUpbEFFpb97p

bbbb[3]bSamb'siggi,'bh.llnfijbuxbRmjdvrp,bUpbh.rrihdhb'sácgi'b(cspb .np
bbbb350)pbOccildfgrbdyfh,bdmoghnodi:b_Qyabnagrihdbnfvihbasbdyibyodijbmoci,
bbbbhdiilijbfgbdmiocyimx_p

bbbb[4]bHiibgadibdabvpb1599bouavip

bbbb[5]bDyfhbfhblimyolhbdyibniohdb.gjimhdaajbhigdigcibfgbdyiblaiz,bonzahd
bbbbivimxbqamjbuifgrbaligbdabjfhl.dipb(1)bDyib'gó'basba.mbdiedbfhbog
bbbbizigjodfag,bogjbfhbmi icdijbuxbzogxbhcyanomhpb(2)b'Hinjog'bfhbuxbhazi
bbbbdokigbohbogbojvpb(=b_hinjaz_),bogjbuxbadyimhbohbobga.gb(=b_lori_,
bbbb_cazlogfag_)pb(3)b'Néaj-ymxmi,'bhazibmigjimb'_sonnbasbdyiblialni_';
bbbbadyimh,b'_sonnbasbdyiblmfgci_p'b(4)b'Uúrið,'bzahdbhcyanomhbmiromjboh
bbbbdyibfgdmoghpbvimubziogfgrb'_uigj_,'b'_mihd_';bu.dbagibrmiodbhcyanombyoh
bbbbdmoghnodijbfdb'_hyonnbkfnn_p'b(5)b'Yqæm,'bVimxbmicigdnx,byohbuiig
bbbboddockij,b'qæmi'buifgrbh.rrihdijpb(6)bOhbobcamannomxbdabdyibouavi,bdyi
bbbbhozibcmfdfcblmalahihbdabjmalb'asd'ba.dbasbdyibdiedp--dpUpbh.rrihdh:bAsd
bbbbhinjogbqæmibosdimbnéajymxmi:bnýdnibyqínibuagrámbuúrið,bþéoybhéabumýj
bbbbj.rib=b_asdigbyohbobdmiodxbuiigb(dy.h)bhdm.ck,bosdimboblmfgcibyoj
bbbbsonnig:b(u.dbagnx)bobhyamdbdfzibfhbdyibhliomb(dyig)bqagdbdabmihd,
bbbbyaqivimbiecinnigdbdyibumfjibzoxbui_p




EEEp

UIAQ.NSbGOMMODIHbYFHbOJVIGD.MIHbDAbYFRINOCp


bbbbbbbbbb"FdbqinnbzoxbjfhcazsfdbdyiblmfgcibasbdyibYiodyauomjh
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbiocybasbdyibdyogizigbasbiomnhbdyodboddigjbyfz,
[70]bbbbbbQyigbyibraihbdabdyibu.fnjfgrbihcamdfgrbdyibqazog,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbobgauni-uamgbJogizogbdyibkgfrydhbhya.njbuibsiohdfgr:
bbbbbbbb5bDyimibrniozbagbyfhblimhagbdyibniovfgrhbasbinjimh
bbbbbbbbbbYomjbogjbmfgr-umfryd,bYiodyauomjh'bdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibdyixbqfinjijbdyifmbomzh,bdfnnbdyixbzfhnijbdabdyibuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbaqgbjiombnfvihbogjbuinavèjbcazlogfaghp
bbbbbbbbbbYibhofdybodbdyibuogw.idbqyabdyibcannombuiyanjidy,
bbbbbbb10bOgbogcfigdbohy-qommfambqyabiomnzig'hbjihdm.cdfag
bbbbbbbbbbCniomnxbmiconnidyb(cm.inbyfhbhlfmfd),
bbbbbbbbbbHojnxbuirfggidybha.gjfgrbdyibxa.dys.n
bbbbbbbbbbDyogi-cyozlfag'hbhlfmfdbdyma.rybdyibdya.rydhbasbyfhbuahaz,
bbbbbbbbbbQom-rmfisbdabqokig,bogjbdyfhbqamj-oghqimbhliokidy:

{Fgrinjbfhbhdfmmijb.lbdabumiokbdyibdm.cip}

bbbbbbb15b'Omdbdya.bouni,bzxbsmfigj,bdabkgaqbqyigbdya.bhiihdbfd
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumogjbqyfcybdyxbsodyimbuomibdabdyibcagsnfcd
bbbbbbbbbbFgbyfhbnodihdbojvigd.mi,b'giodybvfhambasbyinzid,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjiomnx-navijbfmag,bqyimibJogizigbjfjbhnoxbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbumovi-zaajijbHcxnjfgrh,bagbdyibsonnbasbdyibyimaih,
bbbbbbb20b(Qyigbvigriogcibqohbhniilfgr)bdyibhno.rydim-lnocibqfinjij?
bbbbbbbbbbI'igbgaqbhazibzogbasbdyibz.mjimim'hblmarigx
bbbbbbbbbbIe.ndfgrbfgbamgozigdhbigdimhbdyibu.fnjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbUaohdhbasbyfhbunaaj-hyijjfgr,bassuiomidybdyib iqin
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybdya.bhya.njhdbqyannxbyanjbfgblahhihhfag!'
bbbbbbb25bHabyib.mridybogjbzfgjidybagbivimxbaccohfag
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqai-umfgrfgrbqamjh,bdfnnbqoeidybdyibhiohag
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibqazog'hbdyogibsambdyibqamkhbasbyfhbsodyim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibufnnbyovfgrbufddig,bunaaj-ramxbhniilidy,
bbbbbbbbbbSodijbdablimfhy;bdyibadyimbagibdyigciqomj
bbbbbbb30b'Hcolidybonfvi,bdyibnogjbkgaqidybdyama.rynxp[1]
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibaodyhbasbdyibiomnzigbagbiocybhfjibomibumakig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbmogcamhb.gmihdfgrbomibmorfgrbfgbFgrinj
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyfhbqfsi-navibqoeidybnihhbqomzbosdimbhammaqp
bbbbbbbbbbHabdyibYiodyauomjh'bsovambgadbsofdys.nbFbmickag,
bbbbbbb35bDyifmblomdbfgbdyibdmiodxbgadbdm.ibdabdyibJogizig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbsmfigjhyflbgadbsohdpbFbs.mdyimbhyonnbdinnbdyii

[71]

{Yovfgrbzojibdyihiblminfzfgomxbhdodizigdh,bFbqfnnbgaqbdinnbdyiibas
Rmigjin,bdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbbbbbZamiboua.dbRmigjin,bdyodbdya.bs.nnxbzoxhdbyiom,
bbbbbbbbbbAmgozigd-rfvim,bqyodbosdimqomjbcozibsmaz
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyogj-m.hybasbyimaihpbQyigbyiovig'hbumfrydb iqin
bbbbbbb40bA'imbiomdysfinjhbyojbrnfjij,bdyibhdmogrimbcozibmorfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyammfunibgfryd-sfigj,b.hbsambdabvfhfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibqyannxb.gyomzijbdyibyonnbqibqimibr.omjfgrp

{Yagjhcfabsinnbsfmhd}

bbbbbbbbbbDabYagjhcfabyolligijbobyalinihhbcagdigdfag,
bbbbbbbbbbJiodybdabdyibjaazijbagi,bjiojbyibsinnbsamizahd,
bbbbbbb45bRfmjijbqom-cyozlfag;bdabyfzbRmigjinbuicozibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibvohhonbjfhdfgr.fhyij,bobdaady-qiolagijbz.mjimim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqinn-uinavijbyigcyzog'hbuajxbonnbhqonnaqijp
bbbbbbbbbbGadbdyibiomnfimbassbizldxbasbyogjbjfj
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunaajx-daadyijbz.mjimim,bzfgjs.nbasbivfnh,
bbbbbbb50bQfhybdabihcolibsmazbdyibranj-rfvim'hblonoci,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbhd.mjxbasbhdmigrdybyibhdmavibdaba.djabzi,
bbbbbbbbbbYogj-miojxbrmollnijpbObrnavibqohbh.hligjij
bbbbbbbbbbHlocfa.hbogjbqagjma.h,bfgbomd-siddimhbsohdigij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybqohbsohyfagijbigdfminxbuxbda.cybasbdyibcmosdzog
bbbbbbb55bSmazbdyibjmorag'hbhkfgbuxbdyibjivfn'hbjivfcih:
bbbbbbbbbbYibjaqgbfgbfdhbjildyhbqa.njbjabzib.ghojnx
bbbbbbbbbbAgibozagrbzogx,bjiij-jaimbmorfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybhfgnihhbyibhoqbzi;bgadbhabca.njbfdbyollig
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbFbfgbzxbogrimb.lmfrydbjfjbhdogjp
bbbbbbb60b'Dfhbdaabnagrbdabmica.gdbyaqbmiw.fdonbFbs.mgfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbSambivimxbivfnbdabdyibiomnzig'hbjihdmaxim;

{Fbmisnicdijbyagamb.lagbzxblialnip}

bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbdyimi,bzxblmfgci,bdyodbFblma.jnxbjfhdfgr.fhyij
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbnogjbqfdybzxbnouamhpbYibnisdbogjbmidmiodij,
bbbbbbbbbbYibnfvijbyfhbnfsibobnfddnibqyfnibnagrim:
bbbbbbb65bXidbyfhbmfryd-yogjbr.omjijbyfhbsaadhdilbfgbYiamad,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhoj-zaajijbdyigcibdabdyibhio-uaddazbsinnbyi,
bbbbbbbbbbZa.mgs.nbfgbzfgjpbSambdyibzfryd-m.hybasbuoddni

{KfgrbYmadyrombnovfhyijbrfsdhb.lagbzip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsmfigjbasbdyibHcxnjfgrh,bqfdybranjbdyodbqohblnodij,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybamgozigdhbzogx,bz.cybmiw.fdijbzi,
bbbbbbb70bQyigbjoxnfrydbyojbjoqgij,bogjbjaqgbdabdyibuogw.id
bbbbbbbbbbQibyojbhodb.hbdaridyimpbDyimibqohbcyogdfgrbogjb axogci:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibori-hdmfckigbHcxnjfgrbohkijbzogxbw.ihdfagh
[72]bbbbbbOgjbasbanj-dfzihbminodij;basdbnfryd-mfgrfgrbyoml-hdmfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbb ax-dinnfgrbqaaj,bqimibda.cyijbuxbdyibumovibagi;
bbbbbbb75bGaqbyib.ddimijbzioh.mih,bza.mgfgrbogjbdm.dys.n,
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibnomri-yiomdijbnogj-kfgrbobnirigjbasbqagjim
bbbbbbbbbbDm.dys.nnxbdanjb.hpbGaqbdma.unijbqfdybxiomh

{Dyibanjbkfgrbfhbhojbavimbdyibnahhbasbyfhbxa.dys.nbvframp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibori-yaomxbqommfambosdimqomjbuirogbda
bbbbbbbbbbZa.mgbsambdyibzfrydbdyodbzomkijbyfzbfgbxa.dy-joxh;
bbbbbbb80bYfhbumiohdbqfdyfgbuafnij,bqyigbu.mjigijbqfdybqfgdimh
bbbbbbbbbbZ.cybyibmizizuimijpbSmazbzamgfgrbdfnnbgfrydbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbQib axijb.hbdyimifgbohbidfw.iddibh.ssimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyibhicagjbgfrydbhiohagbcozib.gdabiomdy-sankp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbiomnxbdyimiosdim,bdyibzadyimbasbRmigjin

{Rmigjin'hbzadyimp}

bbbbbbb85bQohbmiojxbsambvigriogci,bqmidcyijbhyib a.mgixij;
bbbbbbbbbbYimbhagbyojbjiodybmovfhyij,bdyibqmodybasbdyibRiodzigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyammfunibqazogbovigrèjbyimbasshlmfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbqfdybzfrydxbzofghdmigrdybz.mjimijbobyimap

{Æhcyimibsonnhboblmixbdabyimbvigriogcip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyimibdyibhlfmfdbasbÆhcyimi,borèjbojvfhim,
bbbbbbb90bQohbmiojxbdabvogfhy;bgambqyigbzamgbyojbnfrydigij
bbbbbbbbbbQimibdyixbogxqfhibh.ssimijbdabcagh.zibyfzbqfdybsfmi,
bbbbbbbbbbSankbasbdyibJogizig,bdyibjiody-qiokigijbyima,
bbbbbbbbbbGambdyibuinavèjbnfirizogbdabnoxbagbdyiblxmi;

{Hyibh.ssimijbgadbyfhbuajxbdabuibu.mgij,bu.dbodibfdp}

bbbbbbbbbbHyibdyibcamlhibyojbasscommfijbfgbdyibcn.dcybasbdyibsaizog[2]
bbbbbbb95b'Giodybza.gdofg-umaak'hbsnaajpbDabYmadyromb'dqohbhojjihd
bbbbbbbbbbAsblofghbdyodbivimbyojblmixijbagbdyibcyfisdofg;
bbbbbbbbbbUxbdyibnfsibasbdyiibdyibnogj-lmfgcibdyigbzi[3]
bbbbbbbbbbUiha.rydbvimxbhojnx,bfgbhio-c.mmigdh'bijjfih
bbbbbbbbbbDabjfhlnoxbzxblmaqihh,bdablimfnbzxbhosidx,
bbbbbb100bZfryd-jiijhboccazlnfhy;bz.cybjfjbyiblmazfhip

{Fbha.rydbdyibcmiod.mibfgbyimbjig,}

bbbbbbbbbbFbsa.gjbdyigbdyibsoza.hbsnaaj-c.mmigd'hbcm.in,
bbbbbbbbbbYammfunibjildy-qomjimpbObqyfnib.gdab.hbdqa
[73]bbbbbbYogjbqohbfgbcazzag;bdyibc.mmigdhbqimibhiidyfgr
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybramibdyodbqohbcnaddij,bogjbRmigjin'hbsfimcibzadyim'h

{ogjbyiqijbyimbyiojbassp}

bbbbbb105bYiojbFbassyockijbfgbdyibyonnbodbdyibuaddaz
bbbbbbbbbbQfdyby.ri-miocyfgrbhqamj-ijri,byomjnxbFbqmihdij
bbbbbbbbbbZxbnfsibsmazbyimbcn.dcyih;bgadbjaazijbqohbFbdyig,

{ iqinhbqimibsmiinxbuihdaqijb.lagbzip}

bbbbbbbbbbU.dbdyibqomjigbasbiomnzigbosdimqomjbrovibzi
bbbbbbbbbb iqinhbfgbw.ogdfdx,bkfghzogbasbYionsjigip

bbbb[1]bSamb'nfsfrigji'b(2063),bobzimibcag icd.mi,b'qírigji'byohbuiig
bbbbh.rrihdijpbDyibnfgibqa.njbdyigbmioj:b_Ihcolidybuxbsfrydfgr,bkgaqhbdyi
bbbbnogjbdyama.rynx_p

bbbb[2]bSamb'sæðz.z,'bRmp'hbcag icd.mi,bUpblmalahihb'sæm.grop'bDyihibdymii
bbbbyons-vimhihbqa.njbdyigbmioj:b_Hyibuamibassbdyibcamlhibasbyimbsai
bbbbh.jjignxb.gjimbdyibza.gdofg-dammigd_p

bbbb[3]bDyiblymohib'þígibnýsi'b(2132)bqohbnagrbmigjimijb'_qfdybdyx
bbbb(lmih.llahij)blimzfhhfag_p'bDyibvimhibqa.njbmioj:b_Dyibnogj-lmfgci
bbbbdyigbhojnxbuiha.rydbzi,bqfdybdyxb(lmih.llahij)blimzfhhfag,bidc_p




EEEFp

RFSD-RFVFGRbFHbZ.D.ONp


bbbbbbbbbb"Habdyibuinavèjbnogj-lmfgcibnfvijbfgbjicam.z;
bbbbbbbbbbFbyojbzfhhijbgabmiqomjh,bgabziijhbasbzxblmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbyibrovibzib iqinh,bmiromjfgrbzxbqfhyih,
bbbbbbbbbbYionsjigibyfhbuofmg;bF'nnbumfgrbdyizbdabdyii,bdyig,

{OnnbzxbrfsdhbFbnoxbodbdyxbsiidp}

bbbbbbbb5bOdyinfgrbasbiomnzig,bassimbdyizbrnojnxp
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbhdfnnb.gdabdyiibfhbonnbzxbossicdfag:[1]
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbsiqbasbzxbsank-kfgbsfgjbFbh.mvfvfgr
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbdyii,bjiombYfrinoc!"bUojibyibfgbdyigbdabcommx[2]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuaom-fzori,buoggim,buoddni-yfrybyinzid,
bbbbbbb10bFmag-rmoxbomzam,bdyibiecinnigdbqiolag,

{DyfhbomzambFbyovibuinagrijbasbxamibdabYimiromp}

bbbbbbbbbbFgbhagr-zioh.mihbhofj:b"Dyfhbh.fd-sam-dyi-uoddni
bbbbbbbbbbYmadyromblmihigdijbzi,buojibzibielmihhnx,
bbbbbbbbbbQfhi-zaajijbodyinfgr,bdyimiosdimbdabdinnbdyii[3]
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqyanibasbfdhbyfhdamx,bhofjbKfgrbYimirombaqgijbfd,
bbbbbbb15bJogi-lmfgcibsambnagr:bxidbyibqfhyijbgadbdabrfvibdyig
[74]bbbbbbDyibzofnbdabyfhbhag,bdya.rybjiomnxbyibnavijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbYimiqomjbdyibyomjxpbYanjbonnbfgb axogci!"
bbbbbbbbbbFbyiomjbdyodbdyimibsannaqijbyomjbagbdyib iqinh
bbbbbbbbbbDqabumocihbasbhdonnfaghbasbhdmfkfgrbmihizunogci,
bbbbbbb20bJollnijbogjbxinnaq;byibrmogdijbyfzb.hogci
bbbbbbbbbbAsbyamhihbogjbdmioh.mihpbHabobkfghzogbhya.njbuiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbGabqiubasbdmiocyimxbqiovibsambogadyim,
bbbbbbbbbbGambuxbc.ggfgrbcmosdfgihhbco.hibdyibjihdm.cdfag

{YfrinocbnavihbyfhbgilyiqbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbAsbdm.hdxbcazlogfagpbZahdblmicfa.hbdabYfrinoc,
bbbbbbb25bDyibuanjbagibfgbuoddni,bqohbdyibuofmgbasbyfhbhfhdim,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbiocyb.gdabadyimbzfgjs.nbasbsovamhp

{Uiaq.nsbrfvihbYxrjbdyibgicknocibdyodbQionydyiaqbyojbrfvigbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbFbozbdanjbdyodbdabYxrjbyiblmassimijbdyibgicknoci,
bbbbbbbbbbQagjim-rizbmomibdyodbQionydyiaqbrovibyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdmaal-niojim'hbjo.rydim,bobdmfabasbyamhih
bbbbbbb30bHnigjimbogjbhojjni-umfryd;bhaagbjfjbdyib iqin
bbbbbbbbbbIzuinnfhybyimbuahaz,bqyigbdyibuiim-siohdbqohbavimp
bbbbbbbbbbHabIcrdyiaq'hbuofmgbumovibjfjblmavibyfz,

{Uiaq.nsbfhbsoza.hp}

bbbbbbbbbbQom-soza.hbzog,buxbjiijhbdyodbqimibvonfogd,
bbbbbbbbbbYibnfvijbfgbyagam,buinavèjbcazlogfagh
bbbbbbb35bHniqbgadbcoma.hfgr;byfhbzaajbqohbgadbcm.in,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbuxbyogj-hdmigrdyby.rihdbasbyimaihbdyigbnfvfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumovibagibmidofgijbdyibua.gdfs.nbrfsdbdyod
bbbbbbbbbbDyibNamjbyojbonnaqijbyfzpbNagrbqohbyibqmidcyij,
bbbbbbbbbbHabdyodbhaghbasbdyibRiodzigbocca.gdijbyfzbqamdynihh,
bbbbbbb40bOgjbdyibnamjbasbdyibnfirizigbnadybqohbdabjabyfz
bbbbbbbbbbZfcknibasbyagam,bqyigbzioj-c.lhbqimiblohhfgr;
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbs.nnxbuinfivijbyfzbfjnibogjbhn.rrfhy,

{Yibfhbmiw.fdijbsambdyibhnfrydhbh.ssimijbfgbiomnfimbjoxhp}

bbbbbbbbbbOgbfgjanigdbodyinfgr:bdabdyibyagam-unihdbzogbdyimi
bbbbbbbbbbCozibmiw.fdonbsambdyibc.dhbyibyojbh.ssimijp
bbbbbbb45bDyibsank-dmaal'hbjisigjimbuojibsidcybdabdyibu.fnjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyifmnaazbasbYmidyin,bizuinnfhyijbqfdybranj,

{Yfrinocbavimqyinzhbdyibcagw.imambqfdybrfsdhp}

bbbbbbbbbbHabdyibumovibagibig afgijbfd;bdyimibqohb iqinbgabmfcyim
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibsamzbasbobqiolagb'zagrbRiodhbasbdyodbimo;
bbbbbbbbbbFgbUiaq.ns'hbkiilfgrbyiblnocijbfdbogjbrovibyfz
bbbbbbb50bHivigbasbdya.hogjh,bzogambogjbnamjhyflp
bbbbbbbbbbCazzagbdabuadybqohbnogjb'zagrbdyiblialni,
[75]bbbbbbIhdodibogjbfgyimfdijbmfrydhbogjblahhihhfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibhicagjbagibhlicfonnxbhlocfa.hbjazfgfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibagibqyabqohbuiddimpbFdbosdimqomjbyolligij
bbbbbbb55bFgbjoxhbdyodbsannaqij,buisinnbdyibuoddni-dyogih,

{OsdimbYiomjmij'hbjiody,bUiaq.nsbuicazihbkfgrp}

bbbbbbbbbbOsdimbYfrinoc'hbjiody,bogjbqyigbYiomjmijbqohbz.mjimij
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybqiolaghbasbqomsomib'giodybqinn-cavimijbdomridh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbvonfogdbuoddnizigbfgbvfcdam-uogjbha.rydbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbQom-Hcxnsfgrbyimaihbyomohhijbdyibgilyiq
bbbbbbb60bAsbYimimfcbfgbuoddnipbDabUiaq.ns'hbkiilfgr
bbbbbbbbbbD.mgijbdyimibfgbdfzibiedighfvibjazfgfagh:

{Yibm.nihbdyibRiodhbsfsdxbxiomhp}

bbbbbbbbbbYibsfddfgrnxbm.nijbdyizbobsfsdxbasbqfgdimh
bbbbbbbbbb(Yibobzog-m.nimbqfhibqoh,bzogam-qomjbanj)bdfnn
bbbbbbbbbbObcimdofgbagib'rog,bagbrnaaz-jomkigfgrbgfrydh,bo

{Dyibsfmi-jmokip}

bbbbbbb65bJmorag,bdabravimg,bqyabr.omjijbobdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbObyfry-mfhfgrbhdagi-cnfss,bagbyiodybdyodbqohbrmoxfhy:
bbbbbbbbbbOblodyb'giodybfdbnox,b.gkgaqgb.gdabzamdonhp
bbbbbbbbbbHazibagibasbiomdyzigbigdimijbdyibza.gdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyiodyigfhybyaomjbnofjbyanjbasbqfdybomjam;
bbbbbbb70b*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *

bbbb[1]bDyfhbvimhibUpbmigjimh,b'_GaqbhimvibFborofgbdyiibonagibohbzx
bbbbrmocfa.hbkfgr_p'

bbbb[2]bSamb'iosam'b(2153),bKnpbh.rrihdhb'ionjamp'bDmoghnodibdyig:b_Uoji
bbbbdyiblmfgcibdyigbdabuiombfgbdyibuoggim,buoddni-yfrybyinzid,bidc_pbAg
bbbbdyibadyimbyogj,bQpbdokihb'iosamyéosajhirg'bohbobcazla.gj,bziogfgr
bbbb'yinzid':b_Yibuojibdyizbuiombfgbdyibyinzid,buoddni-yfrybyinz,brmox
bbbbomzam,bidc_p

bbbb[3]bDyibYp-Hapbmigjimfgrb(æmihdb=b_yfhdamx,bamfrfg_;b'isd'bsamb'ihd'),
bbbbdya.rybnfounibdabau icdfag,bfhblimyolhbdyibuihdbassimijpb'DyodbF
bbbbhya.njbvimxbiomnxbdinnbdyiibasbyfhbsovam,bkfgjgihh'bha.gjhbqinn;bu.d
bbbb'yfh'bfhbuojnxblnocijbdabnfzfdb'éhdp'--Limyolh,b'isd'bqfdybvimuhbas
bbbbhoxfgrbzoxbyovibdyibsamcibasbNodpblmisfeb'mi,'bogjbdyibYp-Hapbmiojfgr
bbbbziog,b'dyodbFbhya.njbfdhbamfrfgbmiyiomhibdabdyiip'




EEEFFp

DYIbYAOMJbOGJbDYIbJMORAGp


bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbbYibha.rydbasbyfzhinsbqyabhaminxbjfjbyomzbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbU.d,bsambgiijbvimxblmihhfgr,bdyibhimvogdbasbagibas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhaghbasbdyibyimaihbyodi-unaqhbivojij,
bbbbbbbb5bHiikfgrbsambhyindimbogjbdyibhfg-jmfvigbqommfam
bbbbbbbbbbDaakbmis.ribqfdyfgbdyimipbYibiomnxbnaakijbfgbfd,
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
[76]bbbbbb*  *  *  *  *  * qyigbdyibaghidbh.mlmfhijbyfz,

{Dyibyaomjp}

bbbbbbb10bYibobriz-vihhinbhoqbdyimi:bzogxbasbh.cynfki
bbbbbbbbbbOgcfigdbamgozigdhbfgbdyibiomdy-covibqimibnxfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbfgbjoxhbasbxamibhazibagibasbzigbas
bbbbbbbbbbFnn.hdmfa.hbnfgiori,bohbobnirocxbzaghdma.h,
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibyojbhicmidijbdyiz,bcomis.nbogjbdya.ryds.n,
bbbbbbb15bJiom-von.ijb iqinhpbJiodybyojbasshgodcyijbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibjoxhbasbdyiblohd,bogjbdyibagibzogbzamiavim
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibsnaqimbasbdyibsankbqyabsomijbdyimibdyibnagrihd,
bbbbbbbbbbQohbsofgbdabjisimbfd,bsmfigj-za.mgfgrbqomjim,
bbbbbbbbbbObnfddnibnagrimbdabuibnisdbfgbig axzigd
bbbbbbb20bAsbnagr-nohdfgrbdmioh.mip[1]bObuommaqbonn-miojx
bbbbbbbbbbHdaajbagbdyiblnofgbdyibhdmioz-c.mmigdhbgfrybda,
bbbbbbbbbbGiqbuxbdyibgihh-ijri,b.ggidyibasbollmaocyfgr:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibkiilimbasbmfgrhbcommfijbqfdyfgbo
bbbbbbbbbb[2]Lagjima.hbjionbasbdyibdmioh.mibasbgaunih,
bbbbbbb25bAsbranjbdyodbqohbuiodig,bumfisnxbyibhlokibdyig:[3]

{Dyibmfgr-rfvimbuiqofnhbdyibnahhbasbmidofgimhp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Yanjbdya.,bAbIomdy,bgaqbyimaihbgabzamibzox,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomgfgrhbasbiomnzigpbNa!bimhdbfgbdyxbuahaz
bbbbbbbbbbQamdyxbzigbqagbdyiz;bqom-jiodybyodybmovfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbLimfna.hbnfsi-uoni,bonnbzxbqommfamh,
bbbbbbb30bNfirizigbuinavèj,bqyabdyfhbnfsibyovibsamhokig,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabyonn-lnioh.mihbhoqpbGabhqamj-uiomimbyovibF,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbgabagibdabu.mgfhybdyibranj-lnodijbvihhin,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyfry-von.ijbuiokim:bzxbyimaihbomibvogfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyomjxbyinzidbuiy.grbqfdybrfnjfgr
bbbbbbb35bHyonnbuibmiovijbasbfdhbmfcyih:bdyibmfgr-cnioghimhbhn.zuim
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqimibcyomrijbdabyovibmiojxbvfhamh-sam-uoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibu.mgfibdyodbufjijbfgbuoddni-igca.gdim
[77]bbbbbbA'imbumiokfgrbasbqom-hyfinjhbdyibufdibasbdyibijrih
bbbbbbbbbbZa.njhbqfdybdyibyimapbDyibmfgr-dqfhdijbomzam,
bbbbbbb40bFdhbnamjbuifgrbnfsinihh,bgabnagrimbzoxb a.mgix
bbbbbbbbbbYogrfgrbuxbyimaih;byoml- axbfhbvogfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmold.mibasbrnii-qaaj,bgabiecinnigdbsoncag
bbbbbbbbbbHqaalhbdyma.rybdyibu.fnjfgr,bgabhqfsd-saadijbcyomrim
bbbbbbbbbbRmfgjidybdyibrmovinpbObrmfiva.hbjihdm.cdfag
bbbbbbb45bGabsiqbasbdyibqamnj-sankbqfjinxbyodybhcoddimij!"
bbbbbbbbbbHa,bqas.nbasbhlfmfdbagibosdimbonn
bbbbbbbbbbNozigdijbza.mgs.nnx,bzaogfgrbfgbhojgihh
bbbbbbbbbbUxbjoxbogjbuxbgfryd,bdfnnbjiodybqfdybfdhbufnnaqh

{Dyibsfmi-jmorag}

bbbbbbbbbbJohyijbagbyfhbhlfmfdpbDyigbdyibogcfigdbj.hk-hcodyim
bbbbbbb50bSa.gjbdyibrmiodbdmioh.mibhdogjfgrbonnbalig,
bbbbbbbbbbYibqyabsnozfgrbogjbsfimxbsnfihbdabdyibuommaqh,
bbbbbbbbbbGokijbqom-jmorag,bgfrydnxbihcolidy
bbbbbbbbbbIgcazlohhijbqfdybsfmi;bzigb.gjimbyiovig
bbbbbbbbbbQfjinxbuiyinjbyfzpb'Dfhbhofjbdyodbyibnaakhbsam[4]
bbbbbbb55bDyibyaomjbfgbdyibiomdy,bqyimibanjbyibfhbr.omjfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyiodyigfhybdmioh.mi;byi'nnbuibgaqfhibdyibuiddimp

{Dyibjmoragbziidhbyfhbzodcyp}

bbbbbbbbbbHabdymii-y.gjmijbqfgdimhbdyibqohdimbasblialnih
bbbbbbbbbbYinjb.lagbiomdybdyodbiecinnigdbyaomj-yonn,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyibsamizigdfagijbiomnzogbogrimijbyfzbufddimnx:
bbbbbbb60bDyibuiod-lnodijbuiokimbyibuomibdabyfhbcyfisdofg
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbs.nnihdbmizfhhfagbsambonnbyfhbmizfhhgihh
bbbbbbbbbbUirrijbasbyfhbnfirinamjpbDyigbdyibyaomj[5]bqohbjfhcavimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdmioh.mibqohbdokig,byfhblidfdfagbqohbrmogdij

{Dyibyimabln.gjimhbdyibjmorag'hbjig}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibnamg-zaajijbnfirizogpbYfhbnamjbmiromjij
bbbbbbb65bDyibanj-qamkbasbiomdy-sank--'dqohbdyibiomnfihdbaccohfagp
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibjmoragboqaki,bdyibhdmfsibqohbmigiqijbdyimi;
bbbbbbbbbbYibhg.ssijb'nagrbdyibhdagibdyig,bhda.d-yiomdijbsa.gjbyi
[78]bbbbbbDyibsaadlmfgdbasbsaizog;bdaabsombyojbyibragi
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybc.ggfgrbcmosdfgihhbcnahibdabdyibyiojbas
bbbbbbb70bDyibsfmi-hliqfgrbjmoragpbHab.gjaazijbyibzoxb'hcolibsmaz
bbbbbbbbbbOgr.fhybogjbiefnibqfdybiohibqyablahhihhidy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsovambasbYiovigpbDyibyaomj-qomjigbiorimnx
bbbbbbbbbbHiomcyijba'imbdyibrma.gjbdyig,bqa.njbziidbqfdybdyiblimhag
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbco.hijbyfzbhammaqbqyfnibfgbhn.zuimbmicnfgfgr:
bbbbbbb75bRniozfgrbogjbqfnjbyibasdbqigdbma.gjbdyibcovimg,
bbbbbbbbbbOnnbasbfdba.dqomj;bgadbogxbasbiomdyzig
bbbbbbbbbbQohbhiigbfgbdyodbjihimdp[6]bXidbyib axijbfgbdyibuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbMi afcijbfgbdyibcagsnfcd:basdbyibd.mgijbdabdyibuommaq,
bbbbbbbbbbHa.rydbsambdyibriz-c.l;[7]bdyfhbyibhaagblimcifvijbdyig

{Dyibjmoragblimcifvihbdyodbhazibagibyohbjfhd.muijbyfhbdmioh.mip}

bbbbbbb80bDyodbhazibzogbambadyimbyojbjfhcavimijbdyibranj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsoza.hbsank-dmioh.mipbGadbsofgbjfjbdyibyaomj-qomj
bbbbbbbbbbQofdb.gdfnbivigfgr;bdyigbdyibqomjbasbdyibuommaq
bbbbbbbbbbQohbogrmxbfgbhlfmfd,bdyibnaodyèjbagibqfhyijbda
bbbbbbbbbbLoxbsambdyibjiom-von.ijbjmfgk-c.lbqfdybsfmip
bbbbbbb85bDyigbdyibjoxbqohbjagibohbdyibjmoragbqa.njbyovibfd,
bbbbbbbbbbYibgabnagrimbqa.njbqofdbagbdyibqonn,bu.dbjilomdij

{Dyibjmoragbfhbfgs.mfodijp}

bbbbbbbbbbSfmi-fzlinnij,bsnozfgrpbSioms.nbdyibhdomdbqoh
bbbbbbbbbbDabiomnhbfgbdyibnogj,bohbfdbiomnxbdyimiosdim
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyifmbrfvim-as-ranjbqohbrmfiva.hnxbigjijp

bbbb[1]bSamb'nagr-rihdméago,'bUpbh.rrihdhb'náigrihdméago,'bogjbmigjimh,
bbbb_Asbsniidfgrbdmioh.mih_pbHpboccildhbYp'hb'nagr-rihdméago,'bu.d
bbbbmigjimh,b_Dyibdmioh.mibnagrbfgbocc.z.nodfgr_p

bbbb[2]bSamb'yomj-sxmjgi'b(2246),bUpbsfmhdbh.rrihdijb'yomj-sxgjgi,'
bbbbmigjimfgr:b_Obyiolbasbdmioh.mihbpppbhabrmiodbdyodbfdhbiw.onbqa.njbui
bbbbyomjbdabsfgj_pbDyibhozibhcyanombh.rrihdhbnodimb'yamj-qxggibjæn'b=b_O
bbbbjionbasbdmioh.mi- ax_p

bbbb[3]bHazibmiojb'sic-qamj'b(2247),bogjbmigjim:b_Uoggfgrbqamjhb.ddimij_p

bbbb[4]bOgbiomnfimbmiojfgrbasbYp'hbrovibdyibsannaqfgrbziogfgrbdabdyfh
bbbblohhori:b_Yibfhbhofjbdabfgyoufdbobza.gjb.gjimbdyibiomdy,bqyimibyi,
bbbbidcp_bDyibdmoghnodfagbfgbdyibdiedbfhbzamibo.dyigdfcp

bbbb[5]bDyibmilidfdfagbasb'yamj'bfgbdyfhblohhoribyohbnijbhazibhcyanomhbda
bbbbh.rrihdbgiqbmiojfgrhbdabovafjbdyibhicagjb'yamjp'bDyfh,byaqivim,bfhbgad
bbbb.gjimbdyibzofgbhdmihh,bogj,bfdbhiizhbdabzi,bzfrydbiohfnxbuiboccildijp

bbbb[6]bDyibmiojfgrbasbYp-Hapbfhbqinnbjisigjijbfgbdyibgadihbdabdyod
bbbbvan.zipbUpbizigjhbogjbmigjimh:b_Gambqohbdyimibogxbzogbfgbdyodbjihimd
bbbbqyabmi afcijbfgbcagsnfcd,bfgbuoddni-qamkp_bDyodbfh,bdyibyaomj-qomj
bbbbca.njbgadbsfgjbogxbagibqyabyojbjfhd.muijbyfhbhn.zuimh,bsambgabqommfam
bbbbqohbdyimi,bdpUp'hbizigjodfagbqa.njbrfvibh.uhdogdfonnxbdyibhozi
bbbbdmoghnodfagp

bbbb[7]b'Hfgc-sæd'b(2301):bdyfhbqamjbuadybyimibogjbfgbvpb2232,bdpUp
bbbbmigjimhb'dmioh.mip'




EEEFFFp

UMOVIbDYA.RYbORIJp--MIZFGFHCIGCIHp


{Dyibjmoragbhlfdhbsfmip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibhdmogrimbuirogbdyigbdabvazfdbsamdybsfmi,
bbbbbbbbbbDabu.mgbdyibrmiodbzogam;bdyibunotibdyigbrnfzzimij
bbbbbbbbbbSambogr.fhybdabiomnzig,bgadbogxdyfgrbnfvfgr
[79]bbbbbbQohbdyibyodis.nbofm-raimbqfnnfgrbdabniovibdyimip
bbbbbbbb5bDyibqombasbdyibqamzbqfjinxbqohbgadfcij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsi.jbasbdyibsaizogbosombogjbogiom,
bbbbbbbbbbYaqbdyibigizxbfg .mijbdyibiomnhbasbdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbYommfijbqfdybyodmij:buockbyibyfijbdabdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibqinn-yfjjigbcovimgbimibdyibcazfgrbasbjoxnfrydp
bbbbbbb10bYibyojbcfmcnijbqfdybsfmibdyibsankbasbdyahibmirfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybumogjbogjbu.mgfgr;bfgbdyibuommaqbyibdm.hdij,
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyibqonnbogjbyfhbqom-zfryd:bdyibqiigfgrbjicifvijbyfzp

{Uiaq.nsbyiomhbasbdyibyovacbqma.rydbuxbdyibjmoragp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbhdmofrydbqohbdyibyammambdabUiaq.nsbl.unfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbIomnxbsamhaady,bdyodbyfhbaqgbgodfvibyazihdioj,[1]
bbbbbbb15bDyibuihdbasbu.fnjfgrh,bqohbu.mgfgrbogjbzindfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbRfsd-hiodbasbRiodzigpb'Dqohbobrmfisbdabdyibhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibraaj-zaajijbyima,bdyibrmiodihdbasbhammaqh:

{YibsiomhbdyodbYiovigbfhbl.gfhyfgrbyfzbsambhazibcmfzip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfhibagibqiigijbdyigbdyodbqfinjfgrbyfhbkfgrjaz
bbbbbbbbbb'Rofghdbdyibogcfigdbcazzogjzigdh,byibyojbufddimnxbogrimij
bbbbbbb20bDyibNamjbivimnohdfgr:bqfdybnamgbzijfdodfagh
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbuahazbqinnijbfgqomj,bohbqohbgaqfhibyfhbc.hdazp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsfmi-hliqfgrbjmoragbs.nnxbyojbqohdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsohdgihhbasbqommfamh,bdyibqodim-nogjba.dqomj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzogambqfdybsfmipbDyibsank-m.nfgrbyima,
bbbbbbb25bLmfgcibasbdyibQijimh,bqohblnoggfgrbdabqmiokbyfzp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqomzig'hbjisigjimbuojibdyizbdabzokibyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbIomnzig'hbodyinfgr,bogbiecinnigdbqom-hyfinj

{Yibamjimhbogbfmagbhyfinjbdabuibzojibsmazbyfz,bqaajbfhb.hinihhp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyannxbasbfmag:bs.nnxbyibkgiqbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbqaajbsmazbdyibsamihdbqohbyinlnihhbdabofjbyfz,
bbbbbbb30bHyfinjborofghdbsfmipbDyibnagr-qamdyxbm.nim
bbbbbbbbbbZ.hdbnfvibdyibnohdbasbyfhbnfzfdijbiomdy-joxh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbnfsibfgbdyibqamnjbogjbdyibqamzbonagrbqfdybyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybyibnagrbyojbuiigbyanjfgrbyaomj-qiondybfgblnigdxp

{Yibjidimzfgihbdabsfrydbonagip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibmfgr-lmfgcibjfhjofgijbdabhiikbqfdybobqom-uogj,
bbbbbbb35bQfdybomzxbiedighfvi,bdyibofm-rafgrbmogrim;
bbbbbbbbbbYibsindbgabsiombasbdyibsaizog'hbohho.ndhbogj
bbbbbbbbbbYibca.gdijbsambnfddnibdyibzfrydbasbdyibjmorag,
[80]bbbbbbYfhblaqimbogjblmaqihh:bsamblmivfa.hnxbjomijbyi

{Uiaq.ns'hbiomnxbdmf.zlyhbmisimmijbda}

bbbbbbbbbbObyiolbasbyahdfnfdx,byotomjijbjogrimh,
bbbbbbb40bQom-dyogi,bqyigbYmadyrom'hblonocibyibcnioghèj,
bbbbbbbbbbCagw.imfgrbcazuodogd,bcn.dcyijbfgbdyibuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbDyibkfghzigbasbRmigjin,basbkfgjmijbjidihdijp[2]

{Yfrinoc'hbjiodybmiconnijp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbasbyogj-sfrydhbgadbniohdbqyimibYfrinocbqohbhno.rydimij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibkfgrbasbdyibRiodzigbqfdybcnohyfgrhbasbuoddni,
bbbbbbb45bSmfigj-namjbasbsankhbfgbSmfhfogbjazfgfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbAsshlmfgrbasbYmidyminblimfhyijbdyma.rybhqamj-jmfgk,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybuoddni-hqamjhbuiodig;bdyigcibUiaq.nsbcozibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbAgbhins-yinlbminxfgr,bhqozbdyma.rybdyibqodimh;
bbbbbbbbbbYibuomibagbyfhbomz,bnagi-rafgr,bdyfmdx
bbbbbbb50bA.dsfdhbasbomzam,bqyigbdyibaciogbyibza.gdijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibYidqomhbuxbgabzioghbyojbgiijbdabuibuaohds.n
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyifmbsfrydfgrbosaad,bqyabsamqomjbdabziidbyfz
bbbbbbbbbbCommfijbdyifmbqom-hyfinjh:bgadbzogxbmid.mgijbsmaz
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumovi-zaajijbuoddni-kgfrydbuockbdabdyifmbyazihdiojhp
bbbbbbb55bIcrdyiaq'hbuofmgba'imbdyibufryd-ca.mhihbhqozbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbNagi-raimbnamgbdabyfhbnogj-sankbmid.mgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibYxrjbdabyfzbdigjimijbdmioh.mibogjbkfgrjaz,

{Yiomjmij'hbnockbasbcolocfdxbdabm.nip}

bbbbbbbbbbMfgrhbogjbjazfgfag:byimbhagbhyibgadbdm.hdij,
bbbbbbbbbbDabuibounibdabkiilbdyibkfgrjazbjivfhijbyfz
bbbbbbb60b'Rofghdbonfigbmocih,bagbdyibjiodybasbKfgrbYfrinocp

{Uiaq.ns'hbdocdbogjbjinfcocxbmiconnijp}

bbbbbbbbbbXidbdyibhojbagihbh.cciijijbgadbfgblimh.ojfgrbdyibodyinfgr
bbbbbbbbbbFgbogxbqoxbivim,bdabocdbohbobh.timofg
bbbbbbbbbbDabYiomjmij,bamblmazfhibdabravimgbdyibkfgrjaz;
bbbbbbbbbbXidbqfdybsmfigjnxbca.ghinbfgbdyibsankbyibh.hdofgijbyfz,
bbbbbbb65bRmocfa.h,bqfdybyagam,bdfnnbyibrmiqbdabuibanjim,

{MisimigcibfhbyimibzojibdabobvfhfdbqyfcybUiaq.nsbmicifvihbsmazbIogz.gjbogj
Iojrfnh,bqyxbdyixbcazibfhbgadbkgaqgp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfinjijbdyibQijimhpbQfji-sniifgrba.dnoqh,
bbbbbbbbbbAydyimi'hbhagh,bha.rydbyfzba'imbdyibqodimh:
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbyojbhdfmmijbobmivandb'rofghdbdyibyinzbasbdyibHcxnsfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuihdbasbdyibhio-kfgrh,bqyabfgbHqijfhybjazfgfagh
bbbbbbb70bJfhdmfu.dijbdmioh.mi,bjfhdfgr.fhyijbsank-niojimp
[81]bbbbbb'Dqohbdyibigjbasbyfhbiomdy-joxh;bfg .mxbsodon[3]
bbbbbbbbbbUxbhqfgrbasbdyibhqamjbyibmicifvijbohbobrmiidfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbAsshlmfgrbasbYfrinoc;bAgrigdyiaq'hbuofmg
bbbbbbbbbbNodimbjilomdijbdabvfhfdbyfhbyazihdioj,
bbbbbbb75bQyigbYiomjmijbqohbjioj;bnidbUiaq.nsbm.nibdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbRavimgbdyibRiodzig:braajbqohbdyodbsank-kfgrp

bbbb[1]b'Yáz'b(2326),bdyibh.rrihdfagbasbUpbfhboccildijbuxbdpUpbogjbadyim
bbbbhcyanomhp

bbbb[2]bSamb'náðogbcxggih'b(2355),bdpUpbh.rrihdhb'náðogbcxggi,'bollahfdfag
bbbbdab'zær.zp'bSmazbhxgdocdfconbogjbadyimbcaghfjimodfagh,bdyfhbfhbobzahd
bbbbiecinnigdbizigjodfagp

bbbb[3]bRmpbmiojb'agbsiamzi'b(2386),bmigjimfgr:b_Yibdyimibodbdyibuogw.idbo
bbbbsodonbqa.gjbmicifvijbuxbunaqhbasbdyibhqamjp_




EEEFVp

UIAQ.NSbHIIKHbDYIbJMORAGp--UIAQ.NS'HbMIZFGFHCIGCIHp


bbbbbbbbbbYiblnoggijbmiw.fdonbsambdyibsank-niojim'hbm.fg
bbbbbbbbbbFgbjoxhbdyimiosdim,bdabIojrfnhbdyibqmidcyij
bbbbbbbbbbUicazfgrbogbigizxpbAydyimi'hbhagbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbQigdbqfdybobqom-dmaalba'imbdyibqfji-hdmidcyfgrbc.mmigdh
bbbbbbbb5bQfdybqommfamhbogjbqiolagh:bqfdybqai- a.mgixhbcanjbyi
bbbbbbbbbbOsdimbovigrijbyfz,bdyibkfgr'hbnfsibyibdaakp

{Uiaq.nsbyohbuiigblmihimvijbdyma.rybzogxblimfnhp}

bbbbbbbbbbHabyibcozibassb.gfg .mijbsmazbonnbasbyfhbuoddnih,
bbbbbbbbbbLimfna.hbsfrydh,basshlmfgrbasbIcrdyiaq,
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbyfhbjiijhbasbjomfgr,bdfnnbdyodbjoxbzahdbzazigda.h
bbbbbbb10bQyigbyibsodi-jmfvigbsomijbdabsfrydbqfdybdyibjmoragp

{Qfdybinivigbcazmojih,byibhiikhbdyibjmoragp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdybinivigbcazlogfaghbdyiblmfgcibasbdyibRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbQigdbnaqimfgrbqfdybs.mxbdabnaakbodbdyibsfmi-jmoki:
bbbbbbbbbbFgw.fmfgrbyi'jbsa.gjbyaqbdyibsi.jbyojbomfhig,
bbbbbbbbbbYodibdabyfhbyimaih;bdyibyfrynx-sozijbriz-vihhin
bbbbbbb15bQohbuma.rydbdabyfhbkiilfgrbdyma.rybdyibyogjbasbdy'bfgsamzimp

{Obr.fjibniojhbdyibqox,bu.d}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbfgbdyibdymagrbqohbdyfmdiigdybasbyimaih,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbco.hijbdyibuirfggfgrbasbcagsnfcdbhabufddim,
bbbbbbbbbbColdfvibogjbqmidcyij,bz.hdbhoj-zaajijbdyigciqomj

{vimxbmin.cdogdnxp}

bbbbbbbbbbLafgdba.dbdyiblnoci:byiblohhijbdyigb.gqfnnfgrnx
bbbbbbb20bDabdyibhladbqyimibyibkgiqbasbdyibgadounibcovimg,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibcovib.gjimbiomdy,bgadbsombsmazbdyibaciog,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibogrimbasbijjfih,bqyfcybfgqomjbqohbs.nnbas
bbbbbbbbbb iqinhbogjbqfmih:bobqomjigb.gcoggx,
[82]bbbbbbQommfambqiolagij,bqomjimijbdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbb25bAnjb.gjimbiomdy;bgabiohxblahhihhfag
bbbbbbbbbbSambogxbasbiomdy-sankboccihhbdabridbdap
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibuoddni-umovibodyinfgrbhodbagbdyibgoti-ijri,
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibdyibranj-smfigjbasbRiodzigbrmocfa.hbhon.dij
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbsfmihfji-cazlogfagh:bqaibqohbyfhbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbb30bJiody-uajfgr,bqov'mfgr;bQifmjbvimxbgiombyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabz.hdbhiftibdyibanjbyima,byfhbha.n-dmioh.mibnaakbsam,
bbbbbbbbbbJmorrfgrbonaasbyfhbnfsibsmazbyfhbuajx:
bbbbbbbbbbGadbsnihy-yfjjigbnagrbqohbdyibsank-niojim'hbhlfmfdp
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsbhloki,bIcrdyiaq'hbhag:

{Uiaq.ns'hbmidmahlicdp}

bbbbbbb35b"Fbh.mvfvijbfgbzxbxa.dy-joxhbzogxbobcagsnfcd,
bbbbbbbbbbYa.mhbasbaghid:bdyodbonnbFbmizizuimp
bbbbbbbbbbFbqohbhivig-qfgdimhbanjbqyigbdyib iqin-lmfgcibdaakbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbYfry-namjbasbyimaih,bodbdyibyogjhbasbzxbsodyim,
bbbbbbbbbbYmidyinbdyibyima-kfgrbyojbzibfgbkiilfgr,

{YmidyinbdaakbzibqyigbFbqohbhivigp}

bbbbbbb40bRovibzibdmioh.mibogjbsiohdfgr,ba.mbkfghyflbmizizuimij;
bbbbbbbbbbGadbivimbqohbFb_ogx_bnihhbjiombdabyfz

{Yibdmiodijbzibohbobhagp}

bbbbbbbbbbKgfrydbfgbdyibuama.ryh,bdyogbdyibuofmghbasbyfhbya.hiyanj,
bbbbbbbbbbYimiuonjbogjbYædycxgbogjbYfrinocbzfgip
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibinjihdb.g .hdnxbuxbocdhbasbobkfghzog
bbbbbbb45bQohbz.mjim-uijbhdmiqg,bhfgcibyfzbYædycxgbsmazbyamg-uaq

{Agibasbdyibumadyimhboccfjigdonnxbkfnnhbogadyimp}

bbbbbbbbbbYfhbhyindimfgrbcyfisdofgbhyadbqfdybogbommaq,
bbbbbbbbbbImmijbfgbyfhbofzbogjbfg .mijbyfhbkfghzog,
bbbbbbbbbbAgibumadyimbdyibadyim,bqfdybunaaj-hlmfgknijbhliom:

{Gabsiibca.njbcazla.gjbsambh.cybobconozfdxp}

bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbobsiinihhbsfryd,bsfgfhyijbfgbzonfci,
bbbbbbb50bHojbdabyfhbhlfmfd;bdyibsank-lmfgcibyaqivim
bbbbbbbbbbYojbdablomdbsmazbiefhdigcibqfdybvigriogcib.gdokigp

{[Oblomonninbcohibfhbh.llahijp]}

bbbbbbbbbbHabdabyaom-yiojijbyimab'dfhbyiovfnxbcm.hyfgr[1]
[83]bbbbbbDabnfvibdabhiibyfhbhagbohbyibmfjidy
bbbbbbbbbbXa.grbagbdyibronnaqh:bdyigbzioh.mihbyibcyogdidy,
bbbbbbb55bObhagrbasbhammaq,bqyigbyfhbhagbfhbyogrfgr
bbbbbbbbbbSambdyibmovig'hbjinfryd,bogjborijbogjbyaomx
bbbbbbbbbbYibfhb.gounibdabassimbogxbohhfhdogcip
bbbbbbbbbbIvimxbzamgfgrbyfhbasshlmfgr'hbjilomd.mi
bbbbbbbbbbFhbcaghdogdbmiconnij:byibcomihbgadbdabqofdbsam
bbbbbbb60bDyibufmdybasbogbyifmbfgbyfhbuama.ry-igcnah.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdyodbagibdyma.rybjiody-lofgbdyibjiijhbyodybielimfigcijp
bbbbbbbbbbYibyiomd-rmfivijbuiyanjhbfgbdyibya.hibasbyfhbhagbdyi
bbbbbbbbbbQfgi-u.fnjfgrbqohdij,bdyibqfgj-najrfgrblnocih
bbbbbbbbbbMiovijbasbdyifmbmaomfgr;bdyibmfjimhbomibhniilfgr,
bbbbbbb65bDyibkgfrydhbfgbdyibrmovi;bdyimi'hbgabha.gjbasbdyibyoml-qaaj,
bbbbbbbbbb axbfgbdyibxomjh,bohbasbxamibqimibsozfnfomp

bbbb[1]b'Razin.zbciamni'b(2445)p--Ypbdokihbdyihibqamjhbohbmisimmfgrbda
bbbbYmidyin;bu.dbdyibdmoghnodambyimibjilomdhbsmazbyfhbijfdambux
bbbb.gjimhdogjfgrbdyiblaidbdabmisimbdabobyxladyidfconbanjbzog,bfgdmaj.cij
bbbbohbogbfnn.hdmodfagbasbobsodyim'hbhammaqp

bbbbYmidyminbyojbcimdofgnxbgivimbhiigbobhagbasbyfhbmfjibagbdyibronnaqhbda
bbbbsiijbdyibcmaqhp

bbbbDyiblohhoribuirfggfgrb'hqábufðbréazamnfc'bhiizhbdabuibogbissamdbda
bbbbmiocybobs.nnbhfzfni,b'ohbpppbhap'b'Ohbfdbfhbza.mgs.nbsambogbanjbzog,
bbbbidcpbpppbhabdyibjisigcibasbdyibQijimhb(2463)buamibyiomd-hammaq,bidcp'
bbbbDyibvimhihb2451bdab2463-1/2bqa.njbuiblomigdyidfcon,bdyiblaid'hbsiinfgrh
bbbbuifgrbhabhdmagrbohbdabfgdimm.ldbdyibhfzfnipbDyibl.gcd.odfagbasbdyi
bbbbsa.mdybijfdfagbqa.njbuibuiddim--obcazzobosdimb'ronrog'b(2447)pbDyi
bbbbdmoghnodfagbzoxbuibfgjfcodijbohbsannaqh:b_( .hd)bohbfdbfhbhojbsambog
bbbbanjbzogbdabhiibyfhbhagbmfjibxa.grbagbdyibronnaqhbqyigbyibyfzhinsbfh
bbbb.ddimfgrbza.mgs.nbzioh.mih,bobhammaqs.nbhagr,bqyfnibyfhbhagbyogrhbsambo
bbbbcazsamdbdabdyibmovig,bogjbyi,banjbogjbfgsfmz,bcoggadbmigjimbyfzbogx
bbbbkinl--(yibfhbcaghdogdnxbmizfgjij,bidcp,b2451-2463)--habdyibjisigcibas
bbbbdyibQijimh,bidcp_




EEEVp

MIZFGFHCIGCIHb(_cagdfg.ij_)p--UIAQ.NS'HbNOHDbUODDNIp


bbbbbbbbbb"Yibhiikhbdyigbyfhbcyozuim,bhfgridybobqai-hagr
bbbbbbbbbbAgibsambdyibadyim;bonnbdaabiedighfvi
bbbbbbbbbbHiizijbyazihdiojhbogjblnofghpbHabdyibyinzbasbdyibQijimh

{YmidyinbrmfivihbsambYimiuonjp}

bbbbbbbbbbZfgjs.nbasbYimiuonjbyiomd-hammaqbcommfij,
bbbbbbbb5bHdfmmijbqfdybizadfag,bgaqfhibqohbouni
bbbbbbbbbbDabqmiokbyfhbm.fgbagbdyibm.dynihhbjihdmaxim:
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohb.gounibdabsannaqbdyibqommfambqfdybyodmij,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybjiijhbdyodbqimibjfmis.n,bdya.rybjiombyibgadbyinjbyfzp
[84]bbbbbbDyigblmihhijbuxbdyiblogrbdyfhblofgbaccohfagijbyfz,
bbbbbbb10bYibrovib.lbrnii,bRaj-nfrydbinicdij;
bbbbbbbbbbYibnisdbdabyfhbhagh,bohbdyibzogbdyodbfhbmfcybjaih,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnogjbogjbsamdmihh,bqyigbsmazbnfsibyibjilomdijp

{HdmfsibuidqiigbHqijihbogjbRiodhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbqohbcmfzibogjbyahdfnfdxb'dqfedbHqijihbogjbRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbA'imbqfji-hdmidcyfgrbqodimbqommfgrbqohbz.d.on,
bbbbbbb15bU.mjighazibyodmij,bqyigbYmidyinbyojblimfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbAgrigdyiaq'hbasshlmfgrbqimibocdfvibogjbvonfogd,
bbbbbbbbbbQfhyijbgadbdabyanjbdabliocibavimhio,bu.d
bbbbbbbbbbMa.gjbYmiahgo-uiamybasdigboccazlnfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbCm.inihdbzohhocmipbDyfhbzxbkfghzogbovigrèj,
bbbbbbb20bDyibsi.jbogjbs.mx,bohb'dfhbsa.gjbagbfgw.fmx,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybagibasbdyizblofjbfdbqfdybsamsifdbasbnfsi- axh,

{Yædycxg'hbsonnbodbMovighqaajp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdyblmfcibdyodbqohbyomj:bdyibhdm.rrnibuicozibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbSodonbdabYædycxg,bnamjbasbdyibRiodzigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbFbyiomjbdyodbodbzamgfgrbagibumadyimbdyibadyim
bbbbbbb25bQfdybijrihbasbfmaghbirrijbagbdabz.mjim,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibAgrigdyiaqbzokidybaghidbagbIasam:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyinzidbcmohyij,bdyibyaomx-yofmijbHcxnsfgr
bbbbbbbbbbHqamj-hzfddigbsinn,byfhbyogjbdyigbmizizuimij
bbbbbbbbbbSi.j-yodibh.ssfcfigd,bmis.hijbgadbdyibjiody-unaqp

{Fbmiw.fdijbyfzbsambdyib iqinhbyibrovibzip}

bbbbbbb30bDyibrizhbdyodbyibrovibzi,bqfdyb iqin-umfrydbhqamjbF
bbbbbbbbbb'W.fdijbfgbcagdihd,bohbaccohfagbqohbassimij:
bbbbbbbbbbNogjbyibonnaqijbzi,bnfsi- axbodbyazihdioj,
bbbbbbbbbbZogambdabnfvibagpbNfddnibyibgiijij
bbbbbbbbbbSmazbRilfjhbambJogihbambfgbHqijigbdabnaakbsam
bbbbbbb35bDmaalimbnihhbdm.i,bqfdybdmioh.mibdabu.xbyfz;
bbbbbbbbbb'Zagrbsaad-hanjfimhbivimbfgbsmagdbFbqa.njbyfibzi,
bbbbbbbbbbOnagibfgbdyibvogr.omj,bogjbivimzamibrnojnx
bbbbbbbbbbQomsomibhyonnbqori,bqyfnibdyfhbqiolagbigj.midy
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbnodibogjbiomnxbasdigbjfjbhimvibzi

{Uiaq.nsbmisimhbdabyfhbyovfgrbhnofgbJærymisgp}

bbbbbbb40bQyigbFblmavijbuisamibyimaihbdyibhnoximbasbJærymisg,
bbbbbbbbbbKgfrydbasbdyibY.rzig:byibuxbgabzioghbqohbh.ssimij
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibkfgrbasbdyibSmfhfoghbdabcommxbdyib iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumiohd-jicamodfag;bu.dbdyibuoggim-lahhihham
bbbbbbbbbbUaqijbfgbdyibuoddni,bumovi-zaajijbodyinfgrp
[85]bbb45bGabqiolagbqohbhnoxim,bu.dbqom-rmollnibumakibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibh.mribasbyfhbhlfmfd,byfhbuajxbjihdmaxfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbGaqbhyonnbqiolag'hbijribzokibqombsambdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyogjbogjbsfmz-hqamjp"bUiaq.nsbhlokibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbUaohd-qamjhb.ddimij--dyibnodihdbaccohfag:

{Yibuaohdhbasbyfhbxa.dys.nblmaqihh,bogjbjicnomihbyfzhinsbhdfnnbsiomnihhp}

bbbbbbb50b"Fbumovijbfgbzxbxa.dy-joxhbuoddnihb.gg.zuimij;
bbbbbbbbbbHdfnnbozbFbqfnnfgrbdyibhdm.rrnibdabnaakbsam,
bbbbbbbbbbSozi-jiijhblimsamz,bsank-qomjigblm.jigd,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbdyibyodis.nbjihlafnimbsamdybsmazbyfhbcovimg
bbbbbbbbbbHiikidybziba.d!"bIocybasbdyibyimaih,
bbbbbbb55bYinz-uiomimhbhd.mjx,byibdyimi.lagbrmiidij

{Yfhbnohdbhon.dodfaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbUinavèjbca-nfirizig--yfhbnohdbhon.dodfag:
bbbbbbbbbb"Gabumogjbqa.njbFbuiom,bgabunojibsambdyibjmorag,
bbbbbbbbbbQfhdbFbobqoxbzxbqamj-uaohdbdab'cazlnfhy[1]
bbbbbbbbbbInhibqfdybdyibzaghdim,bohbqfdybRmigjinbFbjfjbfd;
bbbbbbb60bU.dbsfmibfgbdyibuoddnibyadbFbielicdbdyimi,
bbbbbbbbbbS.mfa.hbsnozi-u.mgfgr:bhabFbsfeijbagbzxbuajx
bbbbbbbbbbDomridbogjbqom-zofnpbDyibqomjbasbdyibuommaq[2]
bbbbbbbbbbF'nnbgadbsniibsmazbobsaad-nigrdy,bdyibsaizogb.gcoggxp
bbbbbbbbbbOdbdyibqonnb'dqfnnbuisonnb.hbohbSodibjicmiidy,

{NidbSodibjicfjibuidqiigb.hp}

bbbbbbb65bIocybagi'hbCmiodampbFbozbiorimbfgbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdyibqfgrèjbqom-yimabdaboqoxbqfdybonnbuaohdfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbUfjibagbdyibuommaqbqfdybu.mgfihblmadicdij,

{Qofdbxibyimibdfnnbdyibuoddnibfhbavimp}

bbbbbbbbbbIomnhbfgbomzam,bqyfcybasb_.h_bdqabzoxbuiddim
bbbbbbbbbbUiombyfhbjfhohdim,bqyigbdyibuoddnibfhbavimp
bbbbbbb70b'Dfhbgabzoddimbasbxa.mh,bogjbzogbcoggadbjabfd,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbzibogjbzibagnx,bdabzioh.mibyfhbhdmigrdybqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibzaghdimbasbzonfci,bzfryd-jiijhbdab'cazlnfhyp
bbbbbbbbbbFbqfdyblmaqihhbhyonnbrofgbdyibranj,bambdyibuoddni,
[86]bbbbbbJfmis.nbjiody-qaibqfnnbjmorbassbxa.mbm.nim!"
bbbbbbb75bDyibzfrydxbcyozlfagbmahibuxbyfhbhyfinjbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbUmovib.gjimbyinzid,bfgbuoddni-zofnbqigdbyi
bbbbbbbbbb'Giodybhdiil-mfhfgrbhdagi-cnfssh,bdyibhdmigrdybyibminfijbag
bbbbbbbbbbAsbagibzogbonagi:bgabqamkbsambobcaqomjp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyibhoqbuxbdyibqonnbqyabobrmiodbzogxbuoddnih
bbbbbbb80bYojbnfvijbdyma.ry,bzahdbqamdyx,bqyigbsaad-dmaalhbcannfjij,

{Dyiblnocibasbhdmfsibfhbjihcmfuijp}

bbbbbbbbbbHdagi-omcyihbhdogjfgr,bhda.d-yiomdijbcyozlfag,
bbbbbbbbbbHoqbobumaakbsmazbdyibuommaqbu.uunfgrba.dbdyigciqomj:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsnaajbasbdyibsa.gdofgbqohbs.zfgrbqfdybqom-snozi:
bbbbbbbbbbGadbgfrybdabdyibyaomj,bsambhiohagbdyibumfisihd
bbbbbbb85bCa.njbyibumovi,bqfdya.dbu.mgfgr,bdyibouxhhbdyodbqohbxoqgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjmokibqohbhabsfimxpbDyiblmfgcibasbdyibQijimh
bbbbbbbbbbCo.hijbdyigbdyodbqamjhbcozibsmazbyfhbuahaz,
bbbbbbbbbbHabsfimcibqohbyfhbs.mx;bdyibsfmz-yiomdijbhya.dij:
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbuoddni-cniombvafcibcozibfgbmiha.gjfgr
bbbbbbb90b'Giodybdyibrmox-canamijbhdagipbHdfmmijbqohbyfhbyodmij,

{Uiaq.nsbconnhba.db.gjimbdyibhdagibomcyihp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibyaomj-qomjbjfhdfgr.fhyijbdyibhliicybasbobzog;
bbbbbbbbbbDfzibqohbgabnagrimbdabnaakba.dbsambsmfigjhyflp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumiodybasbdyibzaghdimbfhh.ijbsamdybsfmhd,
bbbbbbbbbbVolamxbqom-hqiod,ba.dbasbdyibhdagi-covi:

{Dyibdimmfunibigca.gdimp}

bbbbbbb95bDyibiomdybmi-icyaijpbDyibiomnb'giodybdyibuommaq
bbbbbbbbbbNfsdijbyfhbhyfinj,bnamjbasbdyibRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbDaq'mjbdyibdimmfunibhdmogrim:bdyibmfgr-dqfhdijbcmiod.mi'h
bbbbbbbbbbYiomdbqohbdyigbmiojxbdabhiikbsambobhdm.rrnip

{Uiaq.nsbumogjfhyihbyfhbhqamj,}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibiecinnigdbuoddni-kfgrbsfmhdbumogjfhyijbyfhbqiolag,
bbbbbb100bDyibogcfigdbyifmnaaz,basbijrihb.gun.gdij,[3]
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibjiody-lnoggimhbdqofgbqohbdimmambsmazbadyimp

{ogjbhdogjhborofghdbyfhbhyfinjp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibnamjbasbdyibdmaalimhbfgdmilfjnxbhdaajbdyig
bbbbbbbbbb'Rofghdbyfhbyfry-mfhfgrbhyfinj,bqyigbdyibjmoragbcafnijbyfz

{Dyibjmoragbcafnhbyfzhinsp}

bbbbbbbbbbW.fcknxbdaridyim:bfgbcamhnidbyibufjijp
[87]bb105bYibqigdbdyigbfgbunotih,buigjijbogjbhdmfjfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYohdfgrbyfzbsamqomjpbYfhbnfsibogjbuajx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdomribqinnblmadicdij,bsambdfzi-limfajbhyamdim
bbbbbbbbbbDyogbqfhybjizogjijbsambdyibqinn-migaqgijbniojim,
bbbbbbbbbbQyimibyibdyigbsambdyibsfmhdbjoxbqohbsamcijbdabuibvfcdam,
bbbbbb110bSoza.hbfgbuoddni,bohbSodibyojbgadbqfnnijbfdp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnamjbasbdyibRiodzigb.lnfsdijbyfhbyogjbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbHzfdfgrbdyibsfmi-jmokibqfdybhqamjbdyodbqohblmicfa.h,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbumfrydbagbdyibuagibdyibunoji-ijribjfjbqiokig,
bbbbbbbbbbUfdbzamibsiiunxbdyogbyfhbsank-niojimbgiijij,
bbbbbb115bU.mjigijbqfdybuoni-rmfishpbDyigbdyibuommaq-lmadicdam,

{Dyibjmoragbmorih}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibhqamj-unaqbyojbsonnig,bqohbsfimcibfgbyfhbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbbbbbSnfgrfgrbyfhbsfmih,bsnozfgrhbasbuoddni
bbbbbbbbbbRniozijbdyigbosom:bdyibranj-smfigjbasbQijimh

{Uiaq.ns'hbhqamjbsofnhbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbUaohdijbgabcagw.ihdh,byfhbuoddni-hqamjbsofnijbyfz
bbbbbb120bGokijbfgbcagsnfcd,bohbuxbgabzioghbfdba.rydbda,
bbbbbbbbbbNagr-dm.hdxbqiolagpb'Dqohbgabhnfrydb.gjimdokfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbIcrdyiaq'hbsoza.hbasshlmfgrbqa.njbniovi
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjmoki-covimg'hbuaddaz;byibz.hdbnfvibfgbhazibmirfag
bbbbbbbbbbAdyimbdyogbdyfh,buxbdyibqfnnbasbdyibjmorag,
bbbbbb125bOhbiocybagibasbiomdyzigbiefhdigcibz.hdbsamsifdp
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbiomnxbdyimiosdimbdyibiecinnigdbqommfamh

{Dyibcazuodbfhbmigiqijp}

bbbbbbbbbbZidbqfdybiocybadyimpbOgiqbogjbosmihy
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyaomj-qomjbdaakbyiomdb(rohlhbyiovijbdyigbyfhbuahaz):

{Dyibrmiodbyimabfhbmij.cijbdabiedmizfdfihp}

bbbbbbbbbbHammaqbyibh.ssimijbigcfmcnijbqfdybsfmi
bbbbbb130bQyabdyiblialnibimhdbravimgijpbYfhbcazlogfaghbuxbgabziogh
bbbbbbbbbbQimibuogjijboua.dbyfz,buofmghbasbdyiblmfgcih,

{Yfhbcazmojihbsnii!}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdybvonama.hbhlfmfd,bu.dbdyixbhlijbdabdyibsamihd,
bbbbbbbbbbHiikfgrbsambhosidxpbDyibha.n-jiilhbasbagibqimi

{Unaajbfhbdyfckimbdyogbqodimp}

bbbbbbbbbbM.ssnijbuxbcomi:bkfg-navibcogbgivim
bbbbbb135bO.rydbfgbyfzbqovimbqyabqinnbjadybcaghfjimp

[88]

bbbb[1]bDyibcno.hib2520(2)-2522(1),bmigjimijbuxb'QfhdbFbpppbzaghdim,'bRmp,
bbbbsannaqijbuxbHp,bdmoghnodihbh.uhdogdfonnxbohbsannaqh:b_FsbFbkgiqbyaq
bbbbinhibFbzfrydbcazuodbdyibuaohds.nbjisfogcibasbdyibzaghdim_p--Dyi
bbbbdmoghnodfagbd.mghb.lagb'qfðrmílog,'bobqamjbgadb.gjimhdaajp

bbbb[2]bUpbizigjhbogjbdmoghnodih:b_Fbqfnnbgadbsniibdyibhlocibasbobsaad
bbbbsmazbdyibr.omjbasbdyibuommaq,bu.dbdyimibhyonnbuibdab.hbobsfrydbodbdyi
bbbbqonn,bohbsodibjicmiih,biocybagi'hbCmiodamp_

bbbb[3]bDyibdmoghnodfagbasbdyfhblohhoribfhbuohijbagb'.ghnáq'b(2565),
bbbboccildijbuxbYp-Hap,bfgbnfi.basbdyibnagr-hdogjfgrb'.grnéoqp'bDyibsamzim
bbbbfhbdokigbohbogboj pbnfzfdfgrb'hqiamj';bdyibnoddimbohbogboj pbcp
bbbb'rúð-cxgfgr':b_Dyibraajbqom-kfgr,bmohybqfdybijrih,bumogjfhyijbyfh
bbbbhqamj,byfhbanjbminfcp_bDyibnoddimbrfvihbobzamibmyidamfconbOgrna-Hoeag
bbbb(laidfcon)bhigdigcip




EEEVFp

QFRNOSbDYIbDM.HDXp--UIAQ.NSbFHbJIHIMDIJbUXbSMFIGJHbOGJbUXbHQAMJp


{Qfrnosbmizofghbdm.i--dyibfjionbDi.dagfcbnfirizogp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibhagbasbQiayhdogbqohbQfrnosbigdfdnij,
bbbbbbbbbbHyfinj-qommfamblmicfa.h,blmfgcibasbdyibHcxnsfgrh,
bbbbbbbbbbÆnsyimi'hbkfghzog:byibhoqbyfhbjiombnfirinamj
bbbbbbbbbbIgj.mfgrbdyibyiodb'giodybyinzidbogjbvfhamp
bbbbbbbb5bDyigbyibzfgjijbdyibyanjfgrbdyodbimhdbyibyojbrfvigbyfz,

{QfrnosbmiconnhbUiaq.ns'hbrigimahfdxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibQærz.gjfgrbqommfamh'bqiondy-unihhèjbyazihdioj,
bbbbbbbbbbIocybasbdyibsank-mfrydhbyfhbsodyimbyojbqfinjij;
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbyadbsambdyibuoddni,byfhbyogjbhiftijbdyibdomrid,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibxinnaq-uomkbhyfinj,byib.ghyiodyijbyfhbanjbqiolag,
bbbbbbb10bQyfcybqohbkgaqgbozagrbiomdyzigbohbdyibminfcbasbIogz.gj,
bbbbbbbbbbAydyimi'hbasshlmfgr,bqyaz,biefnijbogjbsmfigjnihh,
bbbbbbbbbbQiayhdogbjfjbhnoxbqfdybhqamj-ijribfgbuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbcommfijbyfhbkfghzogbdyibcniom-hyfgfgrbyinzid,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmfgr-zojibu.mgfi,bdyibanjbrfogd-qiolag
bbbbbbb15bDyodbAginobrovibyfz,byfhbuaag-sinnaq'hbomzam,
bbbbbbbbbbMiojxbqom-dmollfgrh:byibdyibsi.jbjfjbgadbzigdfag,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybyi'jbsodonnxbhzfddigbdyibhagbasbyfhbumadyimp
bbbbbbbbbbZogxbobyons-xiombyinjbyibdyibdmioh.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibufnnbogjbdyibu.mgfi,bdfnnbyfhbuofmgbuicozibouni,
bbbbbbb20bNfkibyfhbsodyimbuisamibyfz,bsozi-jiijhbdab'cazlnfhy;
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyibrovibyfzb'zagrbRiodzigbobraajnxbommoxbas
bbbbbbbbbbQiijhbsambyfhbqomsomi;byibqigdbsmazbnfsibdyig
bbbbbbbbbbAnjbagbyfhb a.mgixpb'Dqohbdyibiomnfihdbdfzibdyig

{DyfhbfhbQfrnos'hbsfmhdbuoddnibohbnfirizogbasbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibxa.dys.nbcyozlfagbzfrydbcyomribfgbdyibuoddni
bbbbbbb25bOfjfgrbyfhbnfirinamj;byfhbhlfmfdbqohbjo.gdnihhp
bbbbbbbbbbGambjfjbkfghzog'hbuiw.ihdbw.ofnbodbdyibuoddni:
bbbbbbbbbbDyfhbdyibjmoragbjfhcavimijbagbdyifmbcazfgrbdaridyimp
bbbbbbbbbbQfrnosb.ddimijbzogxbobmfryd-hoxfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbHofjbdabyfhbsinnaqh,bhojbqohbyfhbhlfmfd:

{Qfrnosbollionhbdabdyiblmfjibasbdyibcaqomjhp}

bbbbbbb30b"Fbmizizuimbdyibdfzibqyig,bdohdfgrbdyibzioj-c.l,
bbbbbbbbbbQiblmazfhijbfgbdyibyonnbdyibnamjbasb.hbonn
[89]bbbbbbQyabrovib.hbdyihibmfgr-dmioh.mih,bdyodbdyfhbuoddni-iw.flzigd,
bbbbbbbbbbHqamjhbogjbyinzidh,bqi'jbcimdofgnxbw.fdibyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbHya.njbgiijbasbh.cybofjbivimbuisonnbyfz:

{Yaqbqibyovibsamsifdijba.mbnfirinamj'hbcagsfjigci!}

bbbbbbb35bFgbdyibqom-uogjbyibcyahib.hbsambdyfhb a.mgixbhlagdogia.hnx,
bbbbbbbbbbHdfmmijb.hbdabrnamxbogjbrovibzibdyihib iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibyibyinjbogjbihdiizijb.hbdm.hd-qamdyxbhliomzig,
bbbbbbbbbbYomjxbyinz-uiomimh,bdya.rybdyfhbyima-ocyfivizigd
bbbbbbbbbbA.mbnamjbfgdigjijbonagibdaboccazlnfhy,
bbbbbbb40bQomjbasbyfhblialni,bsambzahdbasbocyfivizigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbJafgrhbo.jocfa.h,byibjfjbozagrbiomdy-sankp

{A.mbnamjbfhbfgbhamibgiijbasb.hp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibjoxbfhbgaqbcazibqyigbdyibm.nimbasbiomdyzig
bbbbbbbbbbGiijidybdyibvframbasbvonfogdbyimaih:
bbbbbbbbbbNidb.hbqigjb.hbdaqomjhbyfz,bdyibqom-lmfgcibdabh.ccam,
bbbbbbb45bQyfnibdyibyiodbxidbmoridy,byammfunibsfmi-sfrydp

{Fbqa.njbmodyimbjfibdyogbrabyazibqfdyba.dbzxbh.timofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbRajbqadbfgbzi,b'dfhbzfcknibdyibnfisim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunotibhya.njbizumocibzxbuajxbogjbiodbfd
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybzxbdmioh.mi-uihdaqimpbZihiizidybgadblmalim
bbbbbbbbbbDabuiomba.mbuoddni-hyfinjhbuockbdaba.mbca.gdmx,
bbbbbbb50b'Nihhbsfmhdbqibomibounibdabsinnbogjbjihdmaxbdyi
bbbbbbbbbbNagr-yodfgrbsaizog,bdabjisigjbdyibnfsibas

{H.minxbyibjaihbgadbjihimvibdabjfibonagip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyiblmfgcibasbdyibQijimhpbQinnbjabFbkgaqb'dfhg'd
bbbbbbbbbbIomgijbuxbyfhbielnafdh,byibagnxbasbRiodzig
bbbbbbbbbbHammaqbhya.njbh.ssim,bhfgkbfgbdyibuoddni:
bbbbbbb55bUmogjbogjbyinzidbdab.hbuadybhyonnbuibcazzag,
bbbbbbbbbb[1]Hyfinj-cavim,bu.mgfip"bDyma.rybdyibuoni-hzakibyibhdonkijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbQigdb.gjimbyinzidbdabdyibyinlbasbyfhbcyfisdofg,

{QfrnosbmizfgjhbUiaq.nsbasbyfhbxa.dys.nbuaohdhp}

bbbbbbbbbbUmfisnxbjfhca.mhfgr:b"Uiaq.nsbjiom,
bbbbbbbbbbLimsamzbdya.bonnbs.nnx,bohbdya.bsamzimnxbhofjhd,
bbbbbbb60bFgbdyxbxa.dys.nbxiomh,bdyodbqyfnibxidbdya.bnfvijhd
[90]bbbbbbDya.bqa.njhdbnidbdyfgibyagambgadbivimbuibnihhigijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyxbnfsibdya.bhyondbhovi,bzfrydxbfgbocdfagh,
bbbbbbbbbbOdyinfgrb.gjo.gdij,bqfdybonnbasbdyxbvfram;

{Dyibzaghdimbojvogcihbagbdyizp}

bbbbbbbbbbF'nnbrfvibdyiibohhfhdogcip"bDyibjmoragbcozibmorfgr,
bbbbbbb65bQfnj-zaajijbhdmogrim,bqyigbdyihibqamjhbyojbuiigb.ddimij
bbbbbbbbbb('Dqohbdyibhicagjbaccohfag),bhiikfgrbyfhbigizfih,
bbbbbbbbbbZigbdyodbqimibyodij,bqfdybyad-rniozfgrbsfmi-qovih;
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybunoti-ufnnaqhbu.mgijbdyibuaomjbdabfdhbijrih:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsfryd-omzambsofnijbdyigbdabs.mgfhybohhfhdogci
bbbbbbb70bDabdyibxa.dys.nbhliom-yima:bu.dbdyibxa.gr-orèjbhdmflnfgr
bbbbbbbbbbW.fcknxbojvogcijb'giodybyfhbkfghzog'hbqom-domrid,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibyfhbaqgbyojbuiigbrma.gjbfgbdyibrmflbasbdyibsfmip

{Uiaq.nsbhdmfkihbodbdyibjmoragp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibqommfam-kfgrbqohbcomis.nbasbrnamx,
bbbbbbbbbbYibha.gjnxbhzadibqfdybhqamj-sam-dyi-uoddni,
bbbbbbb75bDyodbfdbhdaajbfgbdyibyiojbuxbyodmijbjmfvig;
bbbbbbbbbbGærnfgrbqohbhyfvimij,bdyibanjbogjbfmag-zoji

{Yfhbhqamjbsofnhbyfzp}

bbbbbbbbbbUmogjbasbUiaq.nsbfgbuoddnibjicifvijbyfzp
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbjigfijbyfzbdyodbijrihbasbfmaghbqimibouni
bbbbbbbbbbDabyinlbfgbdyibuoddni;bdyibyogjbqohbdaabzfrydx
bbbbbbb80b[2]Qyfcybivimxbqiolag,bohbFbyiomjbagbfgw.fmx,
bbbbbbbbbbA.dhdm.ckbfgbfdhbhdmaki,bqyigbdabhdm.rrnibyibcommfij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqagjims.nbqom-hqamj:bfdbqoeijbyfzbgabuiddimp

{DyibjmoragbojvogcihbagbUiaq.nsborofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyiblialni-jihlafnim--dyfmjbasbyfhbaghidh--
bbbbbbbbbbSfimci-morfgrbsfmi-jmoki,basbsi.j-yodibqohbzfgjs.n,
bbbbbbb85bCyomrijbagbdyibhdmagrbagi,bqyigbcyogcibqohbossamjij,
bbbbbbbbbbYiodijbogjbqom-rmfz,bhiftijbagbyfhbgick
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdiidybdyodbqimibufddim;byibunaajxbjfjbqoebqfdy
bbbbbbbbbbHa.n-ramibhiidyfgr;bhqamj-unaajbfgbqovihbuafnijp

bbbb[1]bDyiblohhorib'_Umogjbpppbu.mgfi_,'bfhbz.cybjfhl.dijpbFgbdyibsfmhd
bbbblnoci,bhazibizfgigdbcmfdfchbohh.zibobrolbasbodbniohdbdqa
bbbbyons-vimhihp--'Úm.z'b(2660),buifgrboblic.nfombsamz,byohbuiigbz.cy
bbbbjfhc.hhijpb'Uxmj.-hcmúj'bfhbonhabobcm.epbUpbh.rrihdhb'uýqj.-hcmúj'b=
bbbb_hlnigjfjbvihdzigdh_pbGambfhb'uáz'boccildijbuxbonn,b'uéag'buifgr
bbbbh.rrihdijpbQyodivimbdyibfgjfvfj.onbqamjh,bdyiblohhoribz.hdbziog,b"_F
bbbbfgdigjbdabhyomibqfdybyfzbzxbiw.flzigdhbasbjisigci_p"

bbbb[2]bUpbqa.njbmigjim:b_Qyfcy,bohbFbyiomj,biecinnijbfgbhdmakibivimx
bbbbhqamjbdyodbyibcommfijbdabdyibhdmfsi,bivigbdyibhdmagrihdb(hqamj)p_bSam
bbbb'Þaggi'byibmiojhb'Þagi,'bminpblmp

[91]




EEEVFFp

DYIbSODONbHDM.RRNIp--UIAQ.NS'HbNOHDbZAZIGDHp


{QfrnosbjisigjhbUiaq.nsp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbFbyiomjbdyodbodbgiijbasbdyibkfgrbasbdyiblialni
bbbbbbbbbbDyib.lhdogjfgrbiomnzogbieyfufdijblmaqihh,
bbbbbbbbbbVframbogjbca.mori,bohbh.fdijbyfhbgod.mi;
bbbbbbbbbb[1]Yibyfhbyiojbjfjbgadbr.omj,bu.dbdyibyfry-zfgjijbnfirizog'h
bbbbbbbb5bYogjbqohbcagh.zij,bqyigbyibh.ccamijbyfhbkfghzog,
bbbbbbbbbbHabyibhdm.ckbdyibhdmfsi-umfgrfgrbhdmogri-cazimbnaqim,
bbbbbbbbbbIomn-dyogibfgbomzam,bdyodb_fg_bqigdbdyibqiolag
bbbbbbbbbbRniozfgrbogjblnodij,bdyodb'rogbdyigbdyibsfmi[2]

{Uiaq.nsbjmoqhbyfhbkgfsi,}

bbbbbbbbbbNodimbdabnihhigpbDyibnfirinamjbyfzhinsbdyig
bbbbbbb10bMidofgijbyfhbcaghcfa.hgihh,bumogjfhyijbyfhbqom-kgfsi,
bbbbbbbbbbUoddni-hyoml,bufddim,bdyodbyibuomibagbyfhbomzam:

{ogjbc.dhbdyibjmoragp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibQijim-namjbc.dbdyibqamzbfgbdyibzfjjnip
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbyojbsinnijbdyibigizxb(nfsibjmaviba.dbdyig[3]
bbbbbbbbbbL.fhhogdblmaqihh),bdyiblofmbyojbjihdmaxijbyfz,
bbbbbbb15bNogj-cyfishbminodij:bhabobnfirizogbhya.njblmavibyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbObdyogizogbqyigbgiijijpbDabdyiblmfgcib'dqohbdyibnohdbas
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbimobasbcagw.ihdbuxbyfhbaqgbrmiodbocyfivizigdh,

[92]

{Uiaq.ns'hbqa.gjbhqinnhbogjbu.mghp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibnodihdbasbqamnj-jiijhpbDyibqa.gjbdyigbuirog
bbbbbbbbbbQyfcybdyibiomdy-jqinnfgrbjmoragbimhdqyfnibyojbqma.rydbyfz
bbbbbbb20bDabu.mgbogjbdabhqinnpbYibhaagbdyigbjfhcavimij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbufddimihdbuoni-qaibfgbyfhbuahazbqohbmorfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbLafhagbqfdyfgpbDyibodyinfgrbojvogcijbdyig,

{Yibhfdhbjaqgbieyo.hdijp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbonagrbuxbdyibqonn,byiblm.jigdbasbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydbhfdbagbobhiddni;byibhoqbdyibrfogd-qamk,
bbbbbbb25bYaqbomcyihbasbhdagibhdmigrdyigijbqfdyblfnnomh
bbbbbbbbbbDyibiomdy-yonnbidimgonbfgqomjbh.llamdijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibnagr-qamdyxbnfirizogbnovijbqfdybyfhbyogjbdyi

{Qfrnosbuodyihbyfhbnamj'hbyiojp}

bbbbbbbbbbSom-soza.hbcyfisdofg,bramxbsmazbhqamj-ijri,
bbbbbbbbbbMismihyfgrbdyibsocibasbyfhbsmfigj-namjbogjbm.nim,
bbbbbbb30bHodijbqfdybuoddni,b.gufgjfgrbyfhbyinzidp
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.nsboghqimij,basbyfhbfg .mxbhlokibyi,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbqa.gjbdyodbqohbsodonb(yibqohbs.nnxboqomi
bbbbbbbbbbYibyojbnfvijbyfhbonnaddijbnfsi-joxhbig axfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblnioh.mihbasbiomdy;bdyigblohdbqohbigdfminx
bbbbbbb35bYfhbzioh.mibasbjoxh,bjiodybvimxbgiom):

{Uiaq.nsbmirmidhbdyodbyibyohbgabhagp}

bbbbbbbbbb"ZxbhagbFbqa.njbrfvibgaqbzxbuoddni-iw.flzigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbYojbogxbasbyifmhbuiigbosdimbzibrmogdij,
bbbbbbbbbbOnagrbasbzxbuajxpbDyfhblialnibFbravimgij
bbbbbbbbbbSfsdxbasbqfgdimh:bgabkfgrb'zagrbzxbgifryuamh
bbbbbbb40bJomijbdabigca.gdimbzibqfdybcazmojih-fg-uoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbDmxbzibqfdybdimmampbDyibdfzibdabzibamjimij
bbbbbbbbbbFbufjijbodbyazi,bzfgibaqgbkildbsfdnx,
bbbbbbbbbbHa.rydbzibgabhgomih,bhqamibzibgadbzogx

{Fbcogbmi afcibfgbobqinn-hligdbnfsip}

bbbbbbbbbbAodyhbfgbfg .hdfcipb axbavimbonnbdyfh
bbbbbbb45bF'zbounibdabyovi,bdya.rybfnnbqfdybzxbjiody-qa.gjh;
bbbbbbbbbbYigcibdyibM.nimbasbIomdyzigbgiijbgadbcyomribzi
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdyibkfnnfgrbasbkfghzig,bqyigbcazidybzxbnfsiba.d
bbbbbbbbbbSamdybsmazbzxbuajxpbSomibdya.bqfdybyohdibgaq

{Umfgrbzibdyibyaomj,bQfrnos,bdyodbzxbjxfgrbixihbzoxbuibmismihyijbuxbo
hfrydbasbfdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabuiyanjbdyibyaomjb'giodybdyibyaom-rmoxfhybhdagi,
bbbbbbb50bQinn-navèjbQfrnos,bgaqbdyibqamzbfhbo-nxfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbHami-qa.gjijbhniilidy,bjfhhiftijbasbyfhbdmioh.mip
bbbbbbbbbbRabdya.bfgbyohdibdyodbdmioh.mihbasbanjbF,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-qiondybzoxbrotibag,bdaridyimbhiibnxfgr
[93]bbbbbbDyibidyim-umfrydb iqinh,buibiohfimbouni,
bbbbbbb55bYovfgrbdyibyiolbasbyaomj-rizh,bdabxfinjbzx
bbbbbbbbbbNfsibogjbdyibnogj-sankbqyazbnagrbFbyovibravimgijp"

bbbb[1]bUpbmigjimh:b_Yi_b(_Q_p)bjfjbgadbmiromjbyfhb(_dyibjmorag'h_)b_yioj_
bbbb(hfgcibUiaq.nsbyojbhdm.ckbfdbqfdya.dbissicd),b_u.dbhdm.ckbdyibjmoragbo
bbbbnfddnibnaqimbjaqgp--_Agibcm.ebfhbdabsfgjba.db_qyahibyioj_bfhbziogd;
bbbbogadyimbfhbdabumfgrba.dbdyibogdfdyihfhbuidqiigb'yioj'bogjb'yogjp'

bbbb[2]b'Þædbþædbsým'b(2702),bHpbizigjhbdab'þábþædbsým'b=b_qyigbdyibsfmi
bbbbuirogbdabrmaqbnihhbfgdighibosdimqomj_pbDyfhbizigjodfagbminfivihbdyi
bbbblohhoribasboblnidyamobasbcag .gcdfvib_þæd_'hp

bbbb[3]bSamb'risxnjog'b(2707),bHpblmalahihb'risxnjip'bDyiblohhoribqa.nj
bbbbmioj:b_Yibsinnijbdyibsaib(nfsibjmaviba.dbhdmigrdy),bogjbdyixbdyigbuady
bbbbyojbjihdmaxijbyfz,bcyfisdofghbminodij_pbDyfhbrfvihbUiaq.nsbdyibcmijfd
bbbbasbyovfgrbsinnijbdyibjmorag;bdyigbdyixbcazufgibdaboggfyfnodibyfzp--Sam
bbbb'innig'b(2707),bKnpbh.rrihdhb'i(o)nngip'--Dyibmiojfgrb'_nfsibjmaviba.d
bbbbhdmigrdy_'bfhbvimxb.ghodfhsocdamxbogjbvimxblic.nfompbFbqa.njbh.rrihd
bbbbohbsannaqh:bOjaldbHp'hbizigjodfag,bmizavibYp'hblomigdyihfh,bmioj
bbbb'simy-innigbqmæc,'bogjbdmoghnodi:b_Yibsinnijbdyibsai,bjmaviba.dbyfh
bbbbnfsi-hdmigrdy_b(dyodbfh,bzojibyfzb_yamhbjibcazuod_),b_ogjbdyigbdyix
bbbbuady,bidc_p




EEEVFFFp

QFRNOSbLN.GJIMHbDYIbJMORAG'HbJIGp--UIAQ.NS'HbJIODYp


{Qfrnosbs.nsfnhbyfhbnamj'hbuiyihdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyiomjbFbdyodbQfyhdog'hbhagbvimxbw.fcknx,
bbbbbbbbbbDyihibqamjhbuifgrb.ddimij,byiijijbyfhbnfirinamj
bbbbbbbbbbQa.gjijbogjbqom-hfck,bqigdbfgbyfhbomzam,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbqinn-qavigbmfgr-zofn,b'giodybdyibmaasbasbdyibuommaqp
bbbbbbbb5bDyigbdyibdm.hdxbmidofgimbdmioh.mi-rizhbzogx

{Dyibjmorag'hbjigp}

bbbbbbbbbbVfcdamfa.hbhoq,bqyigbdyibhiodbyibcozibgiombda,
bbbbbbbbbbRanj-dmioh.mibhlomknfgrbhlmiojbagbdyibuaddaz,
bbbbbbbbbbQagjimbagbdyibqonn,bogjbdyibqamz-cmiod.mi'hbcovimg,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibogcfigdbjoqg-snfim'h,bvihhinhbo-hdogjfgr,
bbbbbbb10bC.lhbasbdyibogcfigdhbasbcnioghimhbuimiovèj,
bbbbbbbbbbMauuijbasbdyifmbamgozigdh:bdyimibqimibyinzidhbfgbg.zuimh,
bbbbbbbbbbAnjbogjbm.hd-iodig,bomz-umocinidhbzogx,
bbbbbbbbbbOmds.nnxbqavigpbQiondybcogbiohfnx,
bbbbbbbbbbRanjbagbdyibhio-uaddaz,bd.mgbfgdabvogfdx[1]
bbbbbbb15bIocybagibasbiomdyzig,bomzbyfzbqyablniohidy!
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyibhoqbdyimibnxfgrbogbonn-ranjigbuoggim
bbbbbbbbbbYfryba'imbdyibyaomj,basbyogj-qagjimhbrmiodihd,
bbbbbbbbbbNfgkèjbqfdybnocidh:bobnfrydbsmazbfdbhlomknij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibsnaambasbdyibcovimgbyibqohbounibdabnaakbag,

{Dyibjmoragbfhbgadbdyimip}

bbbbbbb20bDabieozfgibdyib iqinhpbHfrydbasbdyibjmorag
[94]bbbbbbGadbogxbqohbassimij,bu.dbijribasscommfijbyfzp

{Qfrnosbuiomhbdyibyaomjboqoxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbFbyiomjbdyodbdyibyimabdyibyaomj-dmioh.mibln.gjimij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrfogd-qamkbogcfigdbmiovijbfgbdyibcovimg,
bbbbbbbbbbUomibagbyfhbuahazbdyibuiokimhbogjblnoddimh,
bbbbbbb25bOhbyfzhinsbqa.njbsofgbyovibfd,bogjbdaakbassbdyibhdogjomj,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibumfrydihdbasbuiocagh;[2]bdyibufnnbyojbimhdbfg .mij
bbbbbbbbbb(Fdhbijribqohbasbfmag),bdyibanj-m.nim'hbqiolag,
bbbbbbbbbbYfzbqyabnagrbyojbqodcyijbohbqomjbasbdyib iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabsfmi-dimmambcommfijbyadbsambdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbb30bMannfgrbfgbuoddni,bfgbzfjjnizahdbjomkgihh,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbz.mjimijbyiblimfhyijpbDyibzihhigrimbyohdigij,
bbbbbbbbbbGadbnadybdabmid.mg,by.mmfijbuxb iqinh:
bbbbbbbbbbC.mfahfdxb.mrijbyfzbfs,biecinnigd-zaajij,
bbbbbbbbbbOnfvibyibhya.njbsfgjbdyibnamjbasbdyibQijimh
bbbbbbb35bZamdonnxbqa.gjij,bodbdyiblnocibqyimibyibnisdbyfzp
bbbbbbbbbb'Zfjbdyib iqinhbyibsa.gjbdyigbdyibsoza.hbanjbcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbnfirinamjbuinavèj,bodbyfhbnfsi'h-igjbramx:
bbbbbbbbbbYibdyimi.lagb'rogbdabnovibyfzbqfdybqodim,
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyiblafgdbasbyfhbqamjblfimcèjbyfhbumiohd-yaomjp
bbbbbbb40bUiaq.nsbhlokib(dyibranj-rizhbyibgadfcij),

{Uiaq.nsbfhbmi afcijbdabhiibdyib iqinhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibanjbagibfgbhammaq:b"Sambdyib iqinhbFbnaakbag
bbbbbbbbbbDyogkhbjabFb.ddimbsambonnbdabdyibM.nim,
bbbbbbbbbbQfinjimbasbQamhyfl,bqfdybqamjhbasbjivadfag,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibNamjbivimnohdfgr,bdyodbYibnidbzibh.cybdmioh.mih
bbbbbbb45bRofgbsambzxblialnibimibjiodybavimdaakbzip
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibF'vibuomdimijbdyiborèjbnfsibdabzibrmogdij
bbbbbbbbbbSambdmioh.mibasb iqinh,boddigjbxibyigcisamqomj

{Yibjihfmihbdabuibyinjbfgbzizamxbuxbyfhblialnip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqogdhbasbdyibqom-dyogih;bFbcogbqofdbyimibgabnagrimp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuoddni-sozijbufjbxibdabu.fnjbdyizbobrmovi-yfnn,
bbbbbbb50bUmfrydbqyigbF'zbu.mgij,bodbdyibumfz-c.mmigd'hbnfzfd;
bbbbbbbbbbOhbobzizamx-zomkbdabdyibzigbFbyovibravimgij,
[95]bbbbbbOnasdbfdbhyonnbdaqimbagbQyoni'h-Gihhb.lmfhfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbiomnhbasbdyibaciogbyimiosdimbzoxbconnbfd
bbbbbbbbbbUiaq.ns'hbuommaq,bdyahibqyabuomkhbivim-johyfgr
bbbbbbb55bSmazbobjfhdogcibhyonnbjmfviba'imbdyibjomkgihhbasbqodimhp"

{Dyibyima'hbnohdbrfsd}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibuanj-zaajijbdmaal-namjbdaakbsmazbyfhbgickbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmfgrbdyodbqohbranjig,brovibdabyfhbnfirizog,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibxa.dys.nbqom-yima,byfhbranj-snohyfgrbyinzid,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbcannombogjbqom-zofn,buojibyfzbqinnbdabig axbdyiz:

{ogjbnohdbqamjhp}

bbbbbbb60b"Dya.bomdbnodihdbnisdbasbdyibnfgibasba.mbkfgjmij,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbQærz.gjfgrblialni:bQifmjbyodybasscommfij
bbbbbbbbbbOnnbasbzxbkfghzigbdabdyibCmiodam'hbrnamx,
bbbbbbbbbbIomnhbfgbdyifmbvfram:bFbhyonnbosdimbdyizbsomip"
bbbbbbbbbb'Dqohbdyiborijbnfirinamj'hbnohd-hlakigbqamjbfg
bbbbbbb65bYfhbz.hfgrhbasbhlfmfd,bimibyibza.gdijbdyibsfmi,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuoddni-qovihbu.mgfgr:bsmazbyfhbuahazbjilomdij
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbha.nbdabhiikbdyibhofgdijbagih'brnamxp

bbbb[1]bDyibqamjb'asimyírfog'b(2767)buifgrbvor.ibogjbnfddnib.gjimhdaaj,
bbbbdqabw.fdibjfhdfgcdbdmoghnodfaghbasbdyfhblohhoribyovibomfhigpbAgibdokih
bbbb'asimyírfog'bohbziogfgrb'dabieciij,'bogj,bfghimdfgrb'yamj'bosdim
bbbb'riyqagi,'bmigjimh:b_Dyibdmioh.mibzoxbiohfnx,bdyibranjbfgbdyibrma.gj,
bbbbieciijbfgbvon.ibivimxbyaomjbasbzog,byfjibfdbqyabqfnnp_bDyibadyimbdokih
bbbb'asimyírfog'bohbziogfgrb'dabmigjimbommarogd,'bogj,brfvfgrbdyibhigdigci
bbbbobzamonftfgrbdagi,bmigjimhbh.uhdogdfonnxbohbfgbdyibuajxbasbdyfhbqamkp
bbbb(Cspb28_13bidbhiwp)

bbbb[2]bDyiblohhoribuirfggfgrbyimibfhbvimxbz.cybjfhl.dijpb'Dyibufnnbasbdyi
bbbbanjbnamj'bfhbuxbhazibmiromjijbohbUiaq.ns'hbhqamj;buxbadyimh,bohbdyod
bbbbasbdyibogcfigdblahhihhambasbdyibyaomjpb'Æmbrihcój'b(2778),bdmoghnodij
bbbbfgbdyfhbqamkbohbvimubogjbojvimu,bfhbuxbhazibmiromjijbohbobcazla.gj
bbbblomdfcflfonboj pb=b_hyiodyijbfgbumohh_p




EEEFEp

DYIbJIOJbSAIHp--QFRNOS'HbUFDDIMbDO.GDHp


{Qfrnosbfhbhaminxbrmfivijbdabhiibyfhbnamjbnaakbhab.g-qomnfkip}

bbbbbbbbbbFdbyojbqas.nnxbcyogcijbdyigbdyibxa.dys.nbmidofgim
bbbbbbbbbbDabuiyanjbagbiomdybdyibzahdbomjigd-uinavèj
bbbbbbbbbbOdbyfhbnfsi-joxh'bnfzfd,bnxfgrbdyimibyinlnihhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhnoximbdaabnoxbdyimi,basbnfsibonnbuimiovèj,
bbbbbbbb5bYammfunibiomdy-jmoki,byomohhijbqfdybhammaq:

{Dyibjmoragbyohbln.gjimijbyfhbnohdbyaomjp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibma.gj-dqfhdijbzaghdimbqohblimzfddijbgabnagrim
bbbbbbbbbbDabravimgbdyibmfgr-yaomjh,bu.dbijrihbasbqom-hqamjh
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydfnxbhiftijbyfz,buoddni-hyoml,bhd.mjx
bbbbbbbbbbNiovfgrhbasbyozzimh,bdyodbhdfnnbsmazbyfhbqa.gjh
bbbbbbb10bDyibsnfim-smaz-somnogjbsinnbdabdyibiomdy
bbbbbbbbbbYomjbuxbyfhbyaomj-ya.hi,byallijbyibodbzfjgfryd
bbbbbbbbbbGadbi'imbdyma.rybdyibofm,bgambie.ndfgrbfgb iqinh
bbbbbbbbbbH.ssimijbdyizbdabhiibyfz:bu.dbyibhogkbdyigbdabiomdyqomj
bbbbbbbbbbDyma.rybdyibyima-cyfis'hbyogjqamkpbFbyiomjbh.mibfdbdymavibdyig

[96]

{Siqbqommfamhbjomijbdabsocibdyibzaghdimp}

bbbbbbb15bU.dbsiqbfgbdyibnogjbasbnfirizigbasbvonam,
bbbbbbbbbbDya.rybasbivimxbocyfivizigdbuanjbyibyojblmavijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbDabm.gb'rofghdbdyibumiodybasbdyibvigaza.hbhcodyim,
bbbbbbbbbbAmbdyibyonnbasbdyibdmioh.mibdabdma.unibqfdybyogj-unaqh,
bbbbbbbbbbFsbyibqodcyfgrbyojbsa.gjbdyibqomjbasbdyibyaomj-yonn
bbbbbbb20bAgbdyibuommaqboufjfgrpbUiaq.ns'hblomdbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibdmioh.mibasb iqinhbqohblofjbsambqfdybjiody;
bbbbbbbbbbIocybasbdyibdqofgbyojboddofgijbdabdyibigjbas
bbbbbbbbbbNfsibhab.gnohdfgrpbGadbnagrbqohbdyibdfzibdfnn

{Dyibcaqomjnxbdyogihbcaziba.dbasbdyibdyfckidp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibdomjx-od-uoddnibmid.mgijbsmazbdyibdyfckid,
bbbbbbb25bDyibdfzfjbdm.ci-umiokimhbdigbonnbdaridyim,
bbbbbbbbbbQyabj.mhdbgadbuisamiblnoxbqfdybdyibnogcih
bbbbbbbbbbFgbdyiblmfgcibasbdyiblialni'hblmihhfgrbizimrigcx;

{Dyixbomibohyozijbasbdyifmbjihimdfagp}

bbbbbbbbbbU.dbun.hyfgrbqfdybhyozi,bqfdybhyfinjhbdyixbuidaakbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybomzhbogjbomzambqyimibdyibanjbagibqohbnxfgr:
bbbbbbb30bDyixbrotijb.lagbQfrnospbYibqohbhfddfgrbieyo.hdij,
bbbbbbbbbbSaad-rafgrbsfrydim,bgadbsombsmazbdyibhya.njimh
bbbbbbbbbbAsbdyibnamjbasbdyiblialni,bqa.njbma.hibyfzbqfdybqodim;
bbbbbbbbbbGabqyfdbjfjbfdbyinlbyfz;bdya.rybyibyalijbsambfdbkiignx,
bbbbbbbbbbYibqohbounibagbiomdybgadbodbonnbfgbdyibniojim
bbbbbbb35bNfsibdabmidofg,bogjbgaqfhibdabondim
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfnnbasbdyibQfinjim;bdyibQamnj-M.nim'hblaqim[1]
bbbbbbbbbbQa.njbravimgbdyibocdfaghbasbiocybagibasbyimaih,

{Qfrnosbfhbmiojxbdabiecamfodibdyizp}

bbbbbbbbbbOhbxidbYibfhbjafgrpbSmazbdyibxa.grbagibsamdyqfdybdyig
bbbbbbbbbbCa.njbrmfz-qamjijbrmiidfgrbuibradbsambyfzbw.fcknx
bbbbbbb40bQyahibca.moribyojbsofnijbyfzpbQfrnosbjfhca.mhijbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbQiayhdogbyfhbhag,bhoj-zaajijbyima,

{Yibuirfghbdabdo.gdbdyizp}

bbbbbbbbbbNaakijbagbdyibyodij:b"Yibqyabhaadygihhbqfnnb.ddim
bbbbbbbbbbCogbhoxbdyodbdyibnfirinamjbqyabrovibxa.bdyib iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibamgozigd-omzambqyimifgbxibomibhdogjfgr,
bbbbbbb45bQyigbagboni-uigcybasdigbyibassimijbdabyonn-zig
bbbbbbbbbbYinzidbogjbu.mgfi,bdyiblmfgcibdabyfhbnfirizig,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbuihdb.lagbiomdybyibqohbounibdabsfgjbyfz,--

[97]

{H.minxba.mbnamjbqohdijbyfhbomzambagblandmaaghp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbyibqfnjnxbqohdijbyfhbqom-riomb.gja.udijnx
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbuoddniba'imdaakbyfzp[2]bDyibdmaal-kfgrbgabgiijbyoj
bbbbbbb50bDabrnamxbfgbcazmojih;bxidbRajblimzfddijbyfz,

{Yi,byaqivim,bradbonagrbqfdya.dbxa.}

bbbbbbbbbbVfcdamx-Qfinjim,bqfdybqiolagb.gofjij
bbbbbbbbbbYfzhinsbdabovigri,bqyigbvframbqohbgiijijp
bbbbbbbbbbFbnfsi-lmadicdfagbu.dbnfddnibqohbouni
bbbbbbbbbbDabrfvibyfzbfgbuoddni,bogjbFb'rog,bgadqfdyhdogjfgr,

{Qfdybhazibofj,bFbca.njbyovibhovijba.mbnfirinamj}

bbbbbbb55bYinlfgrbzxbkfghzogb(zxbhdmigrdybavimdoefgr):
bbbbbbbbbbYibqoeijbdyibqiokimbqyigbqfdybqiolagbFbhzadibag
bbbbbbbbbbZxbzamdonballagigd,bdyibsfmibnihhbhdmagrnx
bbbbbbbbbbSnozijbsmazbyfhbuahazpbDaabsiqbasblmadicdamh
bbbbbbbbbbCozibma.gjbdyibkfgrbodbdyibcmfdfconbzazigdp

{Rfsd-rfvfgrbfhbavimbqfdybxa.mblialni:bdyibmfgr-namjbfhbjiojp}

bbbbbbb60bGaqbz.hdbamgozigd-dokfgrbogjbqiolag-uihdaqfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbYazi- axogcibonn,bciohibsambxa.mbkfgjmij,
bbbbbbbbbbSaajbsambdyiblialni;biocybasbxa.mbqommfamh
bbbbbbbbbbZ.hdbgiijhbuibuimiovèjbasbmfrydhbdyodbyibyanjidy
bbbbbbbbbbFgbnogjijblahhihhfagh,bqyigbsomoqoxbgaunih
bbbbbbb65bHyonnbniomgbasbxa.mbniovfgrbxa.mbnamjbhabuohinx,

{Qyodbfhbnfsibqfdya.dbyagam?}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibjohdomjnxbjiijpbJiodybfhbzamiblniohogd
bbbbbbbbbbDabivimxbiomnzogbdyogbfgsoza.hbnfsibfh!"

bbbb[1]bSamb'jæj.zbmæjog'b(2859)bUpbh.rrihdhb'jéoðbámæjog,'bogjbmigjimh:
bbbb_Dyibzfrydb(amb .jrzigd)basbRajbqa.njbjidimzfgibjiodybsambivimxbzog,
bbbbohbyibhdfnnbjaihp_

bbbb[2]bHazibcmfdfch,bYpbyfzhinsbfgbiomnfimbijfdfagh,bl.dbdyibcno.hi,
bbbb'Qyigbpppbyfz'b(Op-Hpb'þábpppbuirid')bqfdybdyibsannaqfgrbhigdigci;
bbbbdyodbfh,bdyixbzokibfdbjiligjigdb.lagb'þamsdi'b(2875)bfghdiojbasb.lag
bbbb'samq.mli'b(2873)p




ENp

DYIbZIHHIGRIMbASbJIODYp


{QfrnosbhigjhbdyibgiqhbasbUiaq.ns'hbjiodybdabnfirizigbgiombuxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbyibcyomrijbdyodbdyibuoddnibuibogga.gcijbodbdyibyijri
bbbbbbbbbb.lba'imbdyibcnfss-ijri,bqyimibdyibiomn-dmaalimhbufjij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqyanibasbdyibzamgfgr,bzaaj-qmidcyijbhodbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbUiomimhbasbuoddni-hyfinjh,buadybdyfgrhbielicdfgr,
bbbbbbbb5bDyibigjbasbyfhbnfsidfzibogjbdyibcazfgrborofgbas
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfirinamjbuinavèjpbNfddnibmihimvijbyi
bbbbbbbbbbAsbgiqhbdyodbqohbkgaqg,bqyabdyibgihh-cnfssbjfjbdmovin,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbyibdm.nxbjfhca.mhijbdabonnbdyodbca.njbyiombyfz:

[98]

{Dyibzihhigrimbhliokhp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Gaqbdyibsmii-rfvfgrbsmfigj-namjbasbdyibsankbasbdyibQijimh,
bbbbbbb10bDyibsank-lmfgcibasbRiodzig,bfhbsohdbfgbyfhbjiody-uij,
bbbbbbbbbbUxbdyibjiijhbasbdyibjmoragbfgbjiody-uijboufjidy;
bbbbbbbbbbOnagrbqfdybyfzbnfidybyfhbnfsi-dokfgrbsaizog
bbbbbbbbbbHnofgbqfdybkgfsi-qa.gjh:byibqohbqyannxb.gouni
bbbbbbbbbbDabfg .mibodbonnbdyibfnn-lnoggfgrbzaghdim

{Qfrnosbhfdhbuxba.mbjiojbnamjp}

bbbbbbb15bQfdybufdibasbyfhbhqamj-ijripbQfrnosbfhbhfddfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbAsshlmfgrbasbQfyhdog,b.lbavimbUiaq.ns,
bbbbbbbbbbIomnba'imbogadyimbqyahibigj-joxbyodybmiocyijbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbYioj-qodcybyanjidyba'imbyimaihb.gnfvfgr,[1]

{A.mbnamj'hbjiodybqfnnbniojbdaboddockhbsmazba.mbanjbsaihp}

bbbbbbbbbbSambsmfigjbogjbsambsaizogpbDyibsankbgaqbielicdidy
bbbbbbb20bObhiohagbasbhdmfsibqyigbdyibjiodybasbdyibsank-kfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDabSmogkzigbogjbSmfhfoghbfgbsom-nogjhbfhbl.unfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqom-yodmijbqoeijbqomzb'rofghdbdyibY.rzig,

{Yfrinoc'hbjiodybmiconnijp}

bbbbbbbbbbQyigbYfrinocbcozibqfdybogbomzxbasbvihhinh
bbbbbbbbbbSomfgrbdabSmfihnogj,bqyimibdyibSmogkzigbfgbuoddni
bbbbbbb25bY.zunijbyfzbogjbumovinxbqfdybavimzfrydb'cazlnfhyij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibzofn-cnojbqommfambz.hdbhfgkbfgbdyibuoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbSinnb'zfjbyfhbsank-dmaal:bgabsmid-rizhblmihigdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibodyinfgrbdabiomnzig;boxibqohbjigfijb.h
bbbbbbbbbbZimiqfgr'hbzimcxpbDyibzigbasbdyibHqijinogjh
bbbbbbb30bSambdm.cibambsambdm.dybdm.hdbFbu.dbnfddni;
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbqfjinxb'dqohbkgaqgbdyodbgiombMovighqaajbAgrigdyiaq

{Yædycxg'hbsonnbmisimmijbdap}

bbbbbbbbbbH.gjimijbYædycxgbdyibYmidynfgrbsmazbnfsi- axh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbsamblmfjibavimqiigfgrbdyibQom-Hcxnsfgrhbsfmhdbjfj
bbbbbbbbbbHiikbdyibRiodzigbqfdybhovoribfgdigdfaghp
bbbbbbb35bIomnxbjfjbAydyimi'hbori-nojigbsodyim,
bbbbbbbbbbAnjbogjbdimmfuni,brfvibunaqbfgbmiw.fdon,
bbbbbbbbbbKfnnfgrbdyibhio-kfgr,bdyibw.iig-zadyimbmihc.ij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibanjbagibyfhbcaghamdbjilmfvijbasbyimbranj,
bbbbbbbbbbAgino'hbzadyimbogjbAydyimi'hbonha,
[99]bbb40bOgjbdyigbsannaqijbdyibsi.j-g.mhfgrbsaizigbdfnnbyomjnx,
bbbbbbbbbbMiovijbasbdyifmbm.nim,bdyixbMovighqaajbigdimijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbqfdybvohd-g.zuimijbsamcihbyibohho.ndijbdyibmizgogd,
bbbbbbbbbbQiomxbqfdybqa.gjh,bqaibasdigblmazfhij
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfvinagrbgfrydbdabdyibhoj-yiomdijbqom-dmaal:
bbbbbbb45bHofjbyibodbzamgfgrbqa.njbkfnnbdyizbqfdybijrihbasbqiolagh,
bbbbbbbbbbHazibagbdyibronnaqhbsambrniibdabdyibsaqnhp
bbbbbbbbbbOfjbcozibosdimbdabdyibogefa.h-fg-hlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbOdbjoqgbasbdyibjox,bosdimbYfrinoc'hbu.rni
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdm.zlid-ha.gjbyiomjbdyix,bqyigbdyibraajbagiblmaciijij
bbbbbbb50bOgjbsomfgrbsannaqijbdyibsnaqimbasbdyibdmaalimhp

bbbb[1]b'Yfri-zéð.z'b(2910)bfhbrnahhijbuxbYpbohbjodpbln.pb(=bsambdyi
bbbbjioj)pbHpblmalahihb'yfri-zéði,'bgazpbhfgrpbnfzfdfgrbQfrnás;bfpipb_Qp,
bbbbzaaj-qiomx,byanjhbyioj-qodcyba'imbsmfigjbogjbsai_p--Upbh.rrihdhbdokfgr
bbbbdyibqamjbohbjodpbfghdpbln.pbasbogbouhdmocdbga.gbfgb-'.p'bDyi
bbbbdmoghnodfagbqa.njbuibh.uhdogdfonnxbdyibhozibohbHp'hp




ENFp

DYIbZIHHIGRIM'HbMIDMAHLICDp


{Dyibzihhigrimbcagdfg.ih,bogjbmisimhbdabdyibsi.jhbasbHqijihbogjbRiodhp}

bbbbbbbbbb"Dyibunaaj-hdofgèjbdmocibasbHqijihbogjbRiodzig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjiody-m.hybasbqomzig,bqfjinxbqohbgadfcij,
bbbbbbbbbbYaqbdyibsankhbqfdybiocybadyimbsi.jbjfjboqokigp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqamdyxbagibqigdbdyig[1]bqfdybqinn-uinavijbcazmojih,
bbbbbbbb5bAnjbogjbji icdijbdabrabdabdyibsohdgihh,
bbbbbbbbbbAgrigdyiabiomnb.lqomjbdyigbd.mgijbyfz;
bbbbbbbbbbAsbYfrinoc'hbuoddnibyi'jbyiomjbagbfgw.fmx,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibie.ndogdbagi'hblmaqihh,bjihlofmijbasbmihfhdogci,
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybiomnhbasbdyibaciogbdabuibounibdabhdm.rrni,
bbbbbbb10b'Rofghdbhio-rafgrbhofnamhbdabhovibdyibyaomj-dmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbqfsibogjbyfhbcyfnjmig;byibsnijbosdimbdyigciqomj
bbbbbbbbbbAnjb'giodybdyibiomdy-qonnpbDyigbqohbassimijbl.mh.ogci
bbbbbbbbbbDabdyibumovihbasbdyibHqijizig,bdyibuoggim[2]bdabYfrinocp
[100]bbbbbDyixbsomijbdyigbsamdyba'imbdyibsfinj-as-lmadicdfag,
bbbbbbb15bQyigbdyibYmidynfgrbyimaihbyijriqomjbyojbdymagrijbdyizp
bbbbbbbbbbDyigbqfdybijrihbasbfmaghbqohbAgrigdyiaqbjmfvig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibrmox-yofmijbdabdommx,bdyodbdyibdmaal-m.nimbyojbda
bbbbbbbbbbH.ssimbdyiblaqimbhaninxbasbIasam:

{Q.nsbqa.gjhbAgrigdyiaqp}

bbbbbbbbbbQ.nsbdyigbqfnjnxbqfdybqiolagbohho.ndijbyfz,
bbbbbbb20bQagmijbyfhbhag,bdyodbsambhqfgribasbdyibijrih
bbbbbbbbbbDyibunaajbsmazbyfhbuajxbu.mhdba.dbfgbc.mmigdh,
bbbbbbbbbbSamdyb'giodybyfhbyofmpbYibsiomijbgadbyaqivim,
bbbbbbbbbbRmox-yiojijbHcxnsfgr,bu.dbhliijfnxbw.fdij

{Agrigdyiaqbrfvihbobhda.dbunaqbfgbmid.mgp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibqohdfgrbqa.gj-hdmakibqfdybqamhibiecyogri,
bbbbbbb25bQyigbdyibkfgrbasbdyibdyogi-dmaalbdyfdyimbjfjbd.mgbyfz:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqfhi-zaajijbhagbasbQagmijbqohblaqimnihh
bbbbbbbbbbDabrfvibobmid.mg-unaqbdabdyibori-yaomxbzog,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbyfhbyioj-hyfinjfgrbyinzidbsfmhdbyiqijbyibdablficih,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbsnickijbqfdybramiblimsamcibyibjfjbdaddim,
bbbbbbb30bSinnbdabdyibiomdy;bgadbsixbqohbyibxidbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbU.db.lbjfjbyibhlmfgrbdya.rybogbijri-qa.gjbyojbmiocyijbyfzp

{IasambhzfdihbAgrigdyiaqbsfimcinxp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbYfrinoc'hbvohhon,bvonfogdbogjbjo.gdnihh,
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbyfhbumadyimbnoxbjioj,bzojibyfhbumaoj-unojijbqiolag,
bbbbbbbbbbRfogd-hqamjbogcfigd,bjisigcibasbdyibrfogdh,
bbbbbbb35bUa.gjba'imbdyibhyfinj-qonn;bdyibsank-lmfgcibh.cc.zuijbdyig,

{Agrigdyiaqbfhbhnofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbHyilyimjbasblialni,bqohblfimcijbdabdyibvfdonhp
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqimibzogxboddigjogdhbqyabua.gjb.lbyfhbkfghzog,
bbbbbbbbbbCommfijbyfzbw.fcknxbqyigbaccohfagbqohbrmogdij
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyiblnocibasbdyibhnofgbdyixbqimibh.ssimijbdabzogorip
bbbbbbb40bDyfhbligjfgr,bagibyimabln.gjimijbdyibadyim,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbomzambasbfmagbsmazbAgrigdyiaqbmovfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyomj-hqamjbyfndijbogjbyinzidbdaridyim;

{Iasambdokihbdyibanjbkfgr'hbqom-riombdabYfrinocp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibanjbagi'hbiw.flzigdhbyibcommfijbdabYfrinocp
bbbbbbbbbbYibdyib iqinhbmicifvij,bogjbmiqomjhb'zfjbdyibdmaalimh
bbbbbbb45bRmocfa.hnxblmazfhij,bogjbhabjfjboccazlnfhy:
bbbbbbbbbbDyibkfgrbasbdyibQijimhbmiw.fdijbdyibqom-m.hy,
bbbbbbbbbbYmidyin'hbjihcigjogd,bqyigbyazibyibmilofmijbyfz,

{Yfrinocbmiqomjhbdyibumadyimhp}

bbbbbbbbbbDabIasambogjbQ.nsbqfdybqfji-novfhyijbdmioh.mih,
bbbbbbbbbbDabiocybasbdyizbrmogdijboby.gjmijbasbdya.hogjh
[101]bb50bFgbnogjbogjbmfgrhbqma.rydba.dbasbqfmi:

{Yfhbrfsdhbqimibuixagjbcovfnp}

bbbbbbbbbbGagib.lagbzfj-iomdybgiijijbdabdqfdbyfz[3]
bbbbbbbbbbQfdybdyibrfsdhbyibrovibdyiz,bqyigbrnamxbdyixbcagw.imij;

{DabIasambyibonhabrfvihbyfhbagnxbjo.rydimbfgbzommforip}

bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdabIasambdyigbrovibyibyfhbagibagnxbjo.rydim,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyagambasbyazi,bohbogbiomgihdbasbsovamp
bbbbbbb55bDyod'hbdyibsi.jbogjbyodmij--ohbqiigbFb'dqfnnbyollig--
bbbbbbbbbbDyibogrimbasbiomdyzig,bdyodbiomnhbasbdyibHqijizig
bbbbbbbbbbQfnnbvfhfdbagb.h,bqyigbdyixbyiombdyodba.mbniojim
bbbbbbbbbbNfsinihhbfhbnxfgr,byibqyabnagrdfziblmadicdij
bbbbbbbbbbYfhbyaomjbogjbkfgrjazb'rofghdbyodfgrbohhofnimh,
bbbbbbb60bQyabagbdyibsonnbasbdyibyimaihbjisigjijbasbxami
bbbbbbbbbbDyibjiij-zfrydxbHcxnjfgrh,[4]bjfjbsambdyibdmaalimh
bbbbbbbbbbQyodbuihdbjfjbovofnbdyiz,bogjbs.mdyimbzamiavim

{Fdbfhbdfzibsamb.hbdabloxbdyibnohdbzomkhbasbmihlicdbdaba.mbnamjp}

bbbbbbbbbbYima-jiijhb'cazlnfhyijpbGaqbfhbyohdibzahdbsfddfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbdyibnamjbasbnfirizigbqibnaakb.lagbxagjim,
bbbbbbb65bOgjb_dyod_bagibcommxbagb a.mgixbdabjiody-lxmi
bbbbbbbbbbQyabmfgr-lmihigdhbrovib.hpbGadbo.rydbasbfdbonn
bbbbbbbbbbHyonnbzindbqfdybdyibumovibagi--dyimi'hbobzohhbasbumfrydb iqinh,
bbbbbbbbbbRanjbuixagjbzioh.mi,brmiqhazinxbl.mcyohij
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbigjfgrbfdbonnbamgozigd-mfgrhbdaa
bbbbbbb70bUa.rydbqfdybyfhbnfsi;bdyihibsfmibhyonnbjiva.m,
bbbbbbbbbbSnozibhyonnbcavim,bgabiomnzogbhyonnbqiom
bbbbbbbbbbOb iqin-zizigda,bgambuio.dfs.nbvfmrfg
bbbbbbbbbbYovibagbyimbgickbmfgrhbdabojamgbyim,
bbbbbbbbbbU.dbqmidcyijbfgbhlfmfdbuimiovèjbasbranj-rizh
bbbbbbb75bHyibhyonnbasdbqfdybadyimhbuibiefnijbogjbuogfhyij,
bbbbbbbbbbHfgcibdyibniojimbasbnfirizigbyodybno.rydimbsamhokig,
[102]bbbbbZfmdybogjbzimmfzigdpbYigcibzogxbobqom-hliom
bbbbbbbbbbCanjbsmazbdyibzamgfgrbhyonnbuibcn.dcyijbfgbdyibsfgrimh,
bbbbbbbbbbYiovijbfgbdyibyogj,bgabyoml-z.hfc'hbha.gjbhyonn
bbbbbbb80bQokigbdyibqommfamh,bu.dbdyibqog-caodijbmovig
bbbbbbbbbbSofgbavimbsixbagihbsmiinxbhyonnbrouuni,
bbbbbbbbbbHyonnbhoxbdabdyibiornibyaqbyibhlijbfgbdyibiodfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbQyig,bdyibqansbyfhbcazlogfag,byibln.gjimijbdyibhnofgp"
bbbbbbbbbbHabdyibyfry-zfgjijbyimabqohbmiyiomhfgrbdyihibhdamfih
bbbbbbb85bNaodyhazibdabyiom;byibnfijbohbdabsiqbas

{DyibqommfamhbrabhojnxbdabnaakbodbUiaq.ns'hbnfsinihhbuajxp}

bbbbbbbbbbQifmjhbogjbasbqamjhpbOnnbdyibqom-dmaalbomahibdyig,
bbbbbbbbbb'GiodybdyibIorni'hbColibhojnxbuidaakbdyiz,
bbbbbbbbbbQiilfgrbogjbqas.n,bdyibqagjimbdabnaakbodp
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbhoqbagbdyibhogjbdyigbha.nnihhbo-nxfgr,
bbbbbbb90bYfhbhno.rydim-uijbyanjfgr,byfzbqyabmfgrhbyojbrfvigbdyiz
bbbbbbbbbbFgbjoxhbdyodbqimibjagi;bdyigbdyibjiody-umfgrfgrbzazigd
bbbbbbbbbbQohbcazibdabdyibraajbagi,bdyodbdyibkfgrbvimxbqomnfki,
bbbbbbbbbbQfinjimbasbQijimh,bqfdybqagjim-jiodyblimfhyijp
bbbbbbbbbbSfmhdbdyixbuiyinjbdyimibobcmiod.mibzamibqagjma.h,

{Dyixbonhabhiibdyibjmoragp}

bbbbbbb95bDyibqamzbagbdyibsfinj,bfgbsmagdbasbdyizbnxfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibsaizogbuisamibdyiz:bdyibsfmi-hliqfgrbjmorag,
bbbbbbbbbbRyahdnxbogjbrmfhnxbr.ihdbfgbyfhbdimmamh,
bbbbbbbbbbQohbhcamcyijbfgbdyibsfmi;bohbyibnoxbdyimibyibzioh.mij
bbbbbbbbbbSfsdxbasbsiid;bcozibsamdybfgbdyibgfryd-dfzi[5]
bbbbbb100bDabmi afcibfgbdyibofm,bdyimiosdimbjilomdfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDabvfhfdbyfhbjig;byibfgbjiodybqohbdyigbsohdigij,
bbbbbbbbbbYibqa.njb axbfgbgabadyimbiomdy-yannaqijbcovimghp
bbbbbbbbbbDyimibhdaajbma.gjboua.dbyfzbuiokimhbogjbvihhinh,
bbbbbbbbbbJfhyihbqimibnxfgrbogjbjiom-von.ijbqiolagh,
bbbbbb105bQfdybfmag-m.hdbiodig,bohbfgbiomdy'hbzfrydxbuahaz
bbbbbbbbbbObdya.hogjbasbqfgdimhbdyimibdyixbyojbmihdij:

{Dyibyaomjbqohb.gjimbobzorfcbhlinnp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyodbzfrydxbuiw.ihdbdyigbqfdybzorfcbqohbr.omjij,
bbbbbbbbbbRanjbasbdyibogcfigdh,bdyodbiomnzogbgadbogx
bbbbbbbbbbDyibmfgr-yonnbca.njbda.cy,bhovibM.nfgr-Rajbagnx,
[103]b110bHaady-kfgrbasbVfcd'mfihbrovibqyazbYibqfhyijbda

{Rajbonagibca.njbrfviboccihhbdabfdp}

bbbbbbbbbb[6](Yibfhbiomdy-sank'hblmadicdam)bdabaligbdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbI'igbdabh.cybozagrbzamdonhbohbhiizijbdabYfzblmalimp

bbbb[1]bSamb'rójo,'bqyfcybhiizhbobh.mlmfhfgrbilfdyidbsambobRiodbdabollnx
bbbbdabdyib"dimmfuni"bAgrigdyiaq,bUpbh.rrihdhb'razinop'bDyiblohhoribqa.nj
bbbbdyigbhdogj:b'_Dyibanjbagibqigdbdyig,'bidcp_

bbbb[2]bSamb'hirgbYfrináci,'bKp,bDyp,bogjbUpblmalahib'hirgbYfrinácih,'
bbbbziogfgr:b_Yfrinoc'hbuoggimbsannaqijbdyibHqijihb(fgbl.mh.fd)p_--Hp
bbbbh.rrihdhb'hæccbYfrinácih,'bogjbmigjimh:b_Yfrinoc'hbl.mh.fdp_--Dyi
bbbbYp-Hapbmiojfgr,bohbdmoghnodijbfgba.mbdied,bzioghbdyodbdyibuoggimbas
bbbbdyibigizxbqohbcold.mijbogjbuma.rydbdabYfrinocbohbobdmalyxp

bbbb[3]bDyibmigjimfgrbrfvigbfgbdyfhbdmoghnodfagbmilmihigdhbdyibkfgrboh
bbbbuifgrbrigima.hbuixagjbdyiblahhfufnfdxbasbmilmaocy;bu.dbhazi
bbbbo.dyamfdfihbcaghdm.ib'yfz'b(2996)bohbln.p,bogjb.gjimhdogjbdyiblohhori
bbbbdabziogbdyodbgabagibmilmaocyijbdyibdqabumadyimhbqfdybyovfgrbmicifvij
bbbbzamibmiqomjbdyogbdyixbqimibigdfdnijbdap

bbbb[4]bDyibgozib'Hcxnjfgroh'byimib(3006)byohbco.hijbz.cybjfhc.hhfag,bogj
bbbbrfvigbmfhibdabhivimonbdyiamfih,bdyibzahdbfzlamdogdbasbqyfcybomiboh
bbbbsannaqh:b(1)bOsdimbdyibjaqgsonnbasbYmadyrom'hbsozfnx,bUiaq.nsbqohbkfgr
bbbbasbdyibJogih,bambHcxnjfgrhpb(2)bSamb'Hcxnjfgroh'bmioj
bbbb'Hcxnsfgroh'--dyodbfh,bosdimbkfnnfgrbIojrfnh,bdyibHcxnsfgrblmfgci,
bbbbUiaq.nsbcagw.imijbyfhbnogj,bogjbyinjbfdbfgbh.u icdfagpb(3)bZp
bbbbcaghfjimhb3006bobdya.rydnihhbmilidfdfagbasb2053pb(CspbYp-Hap)

bbbb[5]bUpbdokihb'gfydih'bogjb'yqín.z'b(3045)bohbhilomodibojvimufonbcohih,
bbbbogjbmigjimh:b_ axbfgbdyibofmbyojbyibasbxamibuxbgfryd,bidc_pbYibdyfgkh
bbbbdyodbdyibfjiobasbvogfhyijbdfziba.rydbdabuibielmihhijp

bbbb[6]bDyiblomigdyihfhbfhbuxbhazibizigjijbhabohbdabmioj:b(1)b(_Yi_b(fpip
bbbb_Raj_)b_fhbdyibyalibasbzig_);b(2)b(_yibfhbdyibyalibasbyimaih_)pbRmp'h
bbbbmiojfgrbyohbgablomigdyihfh,bu.dbhoxh:bpppb_ca.njbda.cy,b.gnihhbRaj
bbbbyfzhins,bdm.ibkfgrbasbvfcdamfih,brovibdabqyazbyibqa.njbdabaligbdyi
bbbbdmioh.mi,bdyibhicmidblnocibasbigcyogdimh,bidc_pbDyibnohdbfhbmi icdij
bbbbagbzogxbrma.gjhp




ENFFp

QFRNOS'HbHOJbHDAMXp--DYIbYAOMJbCOMMFIJbASSp


bbbbbbbbbbDyigb'dqohbhiigbdyodbdyib a.mgixblmahlimijbyfzbnfddni
bbbbbbbbbbQyabqmagrnxbqfdyfgbyojbdyibamgozigdhbyfjjig[1]
bbbbbbbbbbJaqgb'giodybdyibqonnpbDyibqomjigbimhdbhno.rydimij
bbbbbbbbbbHazibsiqbasbdyibsank-dmaal:bdyibsi.jbdyigbdyimiosdim
bbbbbbbb5bQohbyadnxbovigrèjpb'Dfhbobqagjimbqyimi,[2]
bbbbbbbbbbQyigbdyibhdmigrdy-soza.hbdmaalimbyohboddofgijbdabdyibigjbas
bbbbbbbbbbNfsi-joxhbonnaddij,bdyigbgabnagrimbdyibzogbzox
bbbbbbbbbbMizofgbqfdybyfhbkfghzigbqyimibzioj-c.lhbomibsnaqfgrp
bbbbbbbbbbHabdabUiaq.nsbyolligijbqyigbdyibqomjbasbdyibuommaq,
bbbbbbb10bOhho.ndh,byibha.rydbsam:byfzhinsbyojbgabkgaqnijri
bbbbbbbbbbYaqbyfhbniovfgrbdyfhbnfsibqohbnfkinxbdabyolligp
bbbbbbbbbbHabdabjaazhjox,bsoza.hbsank-niojimhbjaqgbjfj
bbbbbbbbbbConnbfdbqfdybc.mhih--qyab'cazlnfhyijbfdbdyimi--
[104]bbbbbDyodbdyodbzogbhya.njbuibivimbasbfnn-jiijhbcagvfcdij,
bbbbbbb15bCagsfgijbfgbsa.n-lnocih,bsohdigijbfgbyinn-uagjh,
bbbbbbbbbbL.gfhyijbqfdyblnor.ih,bqyabdyfhblnocibhya.njbi'imbmovorip[3]
bbbbbbbbbbYibcomijbgadbsambranj:bmodyimbdyibQfinjim'h
bbbbbbbbbbSovamblmisimmijbyibsfmhdbdabridbhfrydbasp[4]

{Qfrnosbojjmihhihbyfhbcazmojihp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfrnosbjfhca.mhijbdyig,bQfyhdogbyfhbhag:
bbbbbbb20b"Asdbzogxbogbiomnzogbagbagibzog'hbocca.gdbz.hd
bbbbbbbbbbHammaqbigj.mi,bohbdab.hbfdbyodybyolligijp
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnfirinamjbuinavèjbqibca.njbnfddniblmivofnbag,
bbbbbbbbbbKfgrjaz'hbkiilim,bca.ghinbdabsannaq,
bbbbbbbbbbGadbdabrabdabdyibr.omjfogbasbdyibranj-yaomj,bu.dbnidbyfz
bbbbbbb25bNfibqyimibyibnagrbqoh,bnfvibfgbyfhbjqinnfgr
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyibigjbasbdyibqamnjpbZidbqibobjihdfgx
bbbbbbbbbbYomjbdabigj.mi:bdyibyaomjbyohbuiigbnaakijbod,
bbbbbbbbbbUiigbrofgijbvimxbrmfznx;bdaabrmfiva.hbdyibsodibdyod[5]
bbbbbbbbbbDyiblmfgcibasbdyiblialniblmfckijbdabcazibdyfdyimp
bbbbbbb30b_F_bqohbdyimifgbogjbonnbasbfdbnaakijbod,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibu.fnjfgr'hbiw.flzigdh,bhfgciboccihhbqohbrfvigbzi,
bbbbbbbbbbGadbkfgjnxbodbonnbigdmogciblimzfddij

{YibdinnhbdyizbasbUiaq.ns'hbnohdbzazigdhp}

bbbbbbbbbbQfdyfgb.gjimbiomdy-qonnpbYohdfnxbhiftijbF
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbyinjbfgbzxbyogjhboby.ri-qifryfgrbu.mjig
bbbbbbb35bAsbyaomj-dmioh.mihbcahdnx,byfdyimba.dbuomibdyiz
bbbbbbbbbbDabzxbnfirinamjbuinavèj:bnfsibqohbxidbfgbyfz,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbcaghcfa.hgihhbonha;bdyibanjbagibjfhca.mhijbdyig
bbbbbbbbbbZ.cybogjbza.mgs.nnx,bcazzogjijbdabrmiidbxa.,

{Uiaq.ns'hbjxfgrbmiw.ihdp}

bbbbbbbbbbUojibdyodbmizizuimfgrbdyibjiijhbasbxa.mbsmfigj-namj
bbbbbbb40bXibu.fnjbagbdyibsfmi-yfnnbasbcamlhihbobnasdx
bbbbbbbbbbU.mfon-uommaq,bumaojbogjbsom-soza.h,
bbbbbbbbbbOhb'zfjbqamnj-jqinnfgrbqommfamhbyibqohbqfjinxbzahdbyagamij
bbbbbbbbbbQyfnibyibmivinijbfgbmfcyihpbNidb.hbma.hib.hbogjbyohdig
[105]bbbbbOrofgbdabhiibogjbhiikbsambdyibdmioh.mi,
bbbbbbb45bDyibqagjimb'giodybqonnpbDyibqoxbFbqfnnbhyaqbxa.,
bbbbbbbbbbDyodbcnahibxibzoxbnaakbodbmfgr-rizhbh.ssfcfigd
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbranjbfgbou.gjogcipbNidbdyibufimbqfdyblmazldgihh
bbbbbbbbbbS.nnxbuibsohyfagij,bqyigbsamdybqibhyonnbcazi,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbnfsdbqiba.mbnamj,bdyig,bqyimibnagrbyibhyonnbdommx,
bbbbbbb50bQinn-uinavijbqommfam,b'giodybdyibQfinjim'hblmadicdfagp"

{Qfrnosbcyomrihbdyizbdabu.fnjbobs.gimon-lxmip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyigbdyibhagbasbQfyhdogbuojibamjimhbuibrfvig,
bbbbbbbbbbZaaj-vonfogdbzog,bdabzogxbasbyimaih,
bbbbbbbbbbYanjimhbasbyazihdiojh,bdyodbdyixbyfdyimbsmazbsom,
bbbbbbbbbb[6]Niojimhbasbnfirizig,bhya.njbnaakbsambdyibraajbagi
bbbbbbb55bQfdybqaajbsambyfhblxmi:b"Dyibsnozibhyonnbgaqbhqonnaq
bbbbbbbbbb(Dyibqogbsfmibhyonnbqoe[7])bdyibqommfamh'bniojim
bbbbbbbbbbQyabdyibmofgbasbdyibfmagbasdigboufjij,
bbbbbbbbbbQyig,bhd.mjfnxby.mnij,bdyibhdamzbasbdyibommaqh
bbbbbbbbbbNioldba'imbnfgjig-qonn,bdyibnogcibmigjimijbhimvfci,
bbbbbbb60bS.mgfhyijbqfdybsiodyimhbsannaqijbdyibommaqp"
bbbbbbbbbbGaqbdyibqfhi-zaajijbhagbasbQfyhdogbjfjbh.zzag
bbbbbbbbbbDyibuihdbasbdyibumovihbsmazbdyibuogjbasbdyibm.nim

{Yibdokihbhivigbdyogih,bogjbigdimhbdyibjigp}

bbbbbbbbbbHivigbdaridyim;b'giodybdyibigizx'hbmaasbyi
bbbbbbbbbbQigdbqfdybdyibhivig;bagibasbdyibyimaih
bbbbbbb65bQyabsomijbodbdyibsmagd,bobsfmi-unotfgrbdamcy-nfryd
bbbbbbbbbbUomibfgbyfhbyogjpbGabnadbdyigbjicfjij
bbbbbbbbbbQyabdyodbyaomjbhya.njbyovac,bqyigbyima-iomnhbhoqbfd
bbbbbbbbbbNxfgrbfgbdyibcovimgb.gcomij-sambigdfminx,
bbbbbbbbbbM.hdfgrbdabm.fg:bdyixbm.ijbdyigbu.dbnfddni
bbbbbbb70bDyodbdyixbyohdfnxbyigcibyo.nijba.dbdyibdmioh.mi,

{Dyixbl.hybdyibjmoragbavimbdyibqonnp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibjiom-von.ijb iqinh;bdyibjmoragbikibl.hyijbdyix,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibqamzba'imbdyibqonn,bnidbdyibqovi-c.mmigdhbdokibyfz,
[106]bbbbbDyibqodimhbigqfgjbdyibqomjbasbdyibdmioh.mihp

{Dyibyaomjbfhbnofjbagbobqofgp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyimibqa.gjigbranjbagbobqofgbqohb.lnaojij,
bbbbbbb75bObzohhb.gzioh.mij,bdyibzig-niojimbassbdyig,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibyimabyaomx,bdabQyoni'h-Gihhbqohbcommfijp

bbbb[1]bSamb'riyýjji,'bUpbh.rrihdhb'riyýðji':bdyiblohhoribqa.njbhdogjboh
bbbbouavibiecildbdyibcyogribasb'yfjjig'b(vpb2)bdab'ln.gjimijp'bDyi
bbbbmisimigci,byaqivim,bqa.njbuibdabdyibdyfis,bgadbdabdyibjmoragp

bbbb[2]bDyiblohhorib'Q.gj.mbpppbuúog'b(3063-3066),bZpbdaakbdabuibo
bbbbw.ihdfagbohkfgrbqyidyimbfdbqohbhdmogribdyodbobzogbhya.njbjfibqyigbyfh
bbbbollafgdijbdfzibyojbcazip--Upbhiihbobcamm.ldfag,bogjbzokihbizigjodfagh
bbbbfgdmaj.cfgrbdyibfjiobdyodbobumovibzogbhya.njbgadbjfibsmazbhfckgihhbam
bbbbsmazbanjbori,bu.dbhya.njbsfgjbjiodybfgbdyiblimsamzogcibasbhazibjiijbas
bbbbjomfgrp--Hpbhiihbogbfgjfmicdbw.ihdfagbfgdmaj.cijbuxb'yqám'bogj
bbbbjiligjigdb.lagb'q.gj.m':b_Obhicmidbfhbfdbqyigbdyibyimabfhbdabjfi,
bbbbidc_p--Qyxbzoxbdyibdqabcno.hihbgadbuiblomonnin,bogjbdyibqyaniblohhori
bbbbogbAnjbIgrnfhybcmxbasb'_Yaqbqagjims.nbfhbjiody!'?_--Hp'hbfhbdyibuihd
bbbbxidbassimij,bfsb'q.gjam'bzioghb'zxhdimxp'

bbbb[3]bSamb'hdm.ji'bfgbYp-Hap,bHpbh.rrihdhb'hdmfjip'bDyfhbqa.njbmiw.fmi
bbbb'movori'b(vpb16)bdabuibcyogrijbdab'dmiojp'

bbbb[4]b'Yibcomijbpppbhfrydbas'b(17,b18),bHpbizigjhbhabohbdabmiojboh
bbbbsannaqh:b_Yib(Uiaq.ns)byojbgadbuisamibhiigbdyibsovambasbdyibovomfcfa.h
bbbblahhihhamp_

bbbb[5]bUpbmigjimh:b_Dyodbqyfcybjmiqbdyibkfgrbdyfdyim_b(fpipb_dyi
bbbbdmioh.mi_)b_qohbrmogdijb.h,bu.dbfgbh.cybobqoxbdyodbfdbavimcazihb.hp_

bbbb[6]b'Sanc-árigji'b(3114)bUpbdokihbohbjodpbhfgrpbqfdyb'rój.z,'bogj
bbbbmisimhbfdbdabUiaq.ns;bdyodbfh,b_Hya.njbumfgrbsfmi-qaajbdabdyiblnoci
bbbbqyimibdyibraajbsank-m.nimbnox_p

bbbb[7]bCpblmalahihbdabdokib'qioeog'b=bNpb'vihcam,'bogjbdmoghnodi
bbbb_jiva.m_pbDyfhbrfvihboblomonninbdab'smidog'bouavipbDyiblomigdyihfh
bbbbqa.njbuibjfhcomjijbogjbdyiblohhoribmioj:b_Gaqbhyonnbdyibsfmibcagh.zi,
bbbbdyibqog-snozibjiva.m,bdyiblmfgcibasbqommfamh,bidc_p




ENFFFp

DYIbU.MGFGRbASbUIAQ.NSp


{Uiaq.ns'hblxmip}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibsankbasbdyibRiodzigbradbyfzbdyigbmiojx
bbbbbbbbbbOblfnibagbdyibiomdybhdmagrbsambdyibu.mgfgr,
bbbbbbbbbbUiy.grbqfdybyinzidh,byima-kgfrydh'bdomridh,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbumfryd-hyfgfgrbu.mgfih,bohbyibuirrijbdyixbhya.njbyovibdyiz;
bbbbbbbb5bDyigbqofnfgrbqom-yimaihbdyifmbqamnj-soza.hbcyfisdofg,
bbbbbbbbbbDyifmbnfirinamjbuinavij,bnofjbfgbdyibzfjjnip

{Dyibs.gimon-snozip}

bbbbbbbbbbHanjfimhbuirogbdyigbdabzokibagbdyibuommaq
bbbbbbbbbbDyibnomrihdbasbjioj-sfmih:bjomkba'imbdyibvolam
bbbbbbbbbbDyibhzaki-cna.jbohcigjij,bdyibhoj-maomfgrbsfmi,
bbbbbbb10bZfgrnijbqfdybqiilfgrb(dyibqfgj-maombh.uhfjij)
bbbbbbbbbbDfnnbdyibu.fnjfgrbasbuagibfdbyojbumakigbdablficih,
bbbbbbbbbbYadbfgbdyibyiomdpbYiovxbfgbhlfmfd
bbbbbbbbbbDyixbzaaj-hojbnozigdijbdyibzig-niojim'hbm.fg;
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbza.mgs.nbzioh.mihbdyibz.cy-rmfivfgrbqfjaq
bbbbbbb15b*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbbbbb*       *       *       *       *       *       *
bbbbbbb20b*       *       *       *       *       *       *

{DyibQijimhbcommxba.dbdyifmbnamj'hbnohdbmiw.ihdp}

bbbbbbbbbbDyibzigbasbdyibQijimhbzojiboccamjfgrnx
bbbbbbbbbbObyfnnbagbdyibyifryd,byfrybogjbiedighfvi,
bbbbbbbbbbAsbhio-rafgrbhofnamhbdabuibhiigbsmazbobjfhdogci,
bbbbbbbbbbOgjbdyibumovibagi'hbuiocagbu.fndbqyimibdyibsfmibqoh,
bbbbbbb25bFgbdig-joxh'bhloci,bqfdybobqonnbh.mma.gjijbfd,
bbbbbbbbbbOhbqfhihdbasbqamnj-sankbca.njbzahdbqamdyfnxblnogbfdp
bbbbbbbbbbDyixblnocijbfgbdyibuommaqbmfgrhbogjb iqinh,

[107]

{Mfgrhbogjbrizhbomibnofjbfgbdyibuommaqp}

bbbbbbbbbbOnnbh.cybamgozigdhbohbimhdbfgbdyibdmioh.mi
bbbbbbbbbbQom-zaajijbzigbyojbqagbfgblahhihhfag:
bbbbbbb30bDyibiomgfgrhbasbiomnzigbdabiomdybdyixbigdm.hdij,
bbbbbbbbbbDyibranjbdabdyibj.hd,bqyimibxidbfdbmizofgidy
bbbbbbbbbbOhb.hinihhbdabzamdonhbohbfgbsamirafgrbimohp
bbbbbbbbbb'Ma.gjbdyibjioj-za.gjbmajibdyigbdyibja.rydx-fg-uoddni,
bbbbbbbbbbUofmghbasbonnbdqinvibasbdyibcyfishbasbdyiblialni,

{Dyixbza.mgbsambdyifmbnamj,bogjbhfgrbyfhblmofhihp}

bbbbbbb35bZamibqa.njbdyixbza.mg,bnozigdbsambdyifmbm.nim,
bbbbbbbbbbHliokbfgbzioh.mi,bzigdfagbyfzbqfdyblnioh.mi,
bbbbbbbbbbQifryijbyfhbqamdy,bogjbyfhbqomnfkibocyfivizigdh
bbbbbbbbbbZfrydfnxbcazzigjij,bohb'dfhbziidbagiblmofhibyfh
bbbbbbbbbbNfirinamjbfgbqamjhbogjbnavibyfzbfgbhlfmfd,
bbbbbbb40bQyigbsamdybsmazbyfhbuajxbyibsomihbdabjihdm.cdfagp
bbbbbbbbbbHabnozigdijbza.mgfgrbdyibzigbasbdyibRiodh,
bbbbbbbbbbSagj-navfgrbvohhonh,bdyibsonnbasbdyifmbnamj,

{Ogbfjionbkfgrp}

bbbbbbbbbbHofjbyibqohbkfgjihdbasbkfgrhb.gjimbyiovig,
bbbbbbbbbbRigdnihdbasbzig,bzahdbqfggfgrbasbzoggim,
bbbbbbb45bSmfigjnfihdbdabsank-dmaalhbogjbsagjihdbasbyagamp

[109]




OJJIGJOp


HivimonbjfhcmilogcfihbogjbadyimbavimhfrydhbyovibuiigbgadfcijbfgbdyibYp-Hap
rnahhomxpbAsbdyihibobraajblomdbqimibovafjijbuxbYommfhagbogjbHyoml,bdyi
OzimfcogbijfdamhbasbUiaq.ns,bfgbdyifmbnohdbijfdfag,b1888pbDyibmihdbqfnn,bF
yali,buibgadfcijbfgbdyifmbsa.mdybijfdfagpbOh,byaqivim,bdyfhbuaakbzoxbsonn
fgdabdyibyogjhbasbhazibqyabyovibgabcalxbasbdyibOzimfcogbijfdfag,bfdbhiizh
uihdbdabgadfcibonnbdyiblmfgcflonbavimhfrydhbasbdyibRimzogbijfdamhp

~Smazbyáz~b(194)p--Gadihbogjbrnahhomxbcagsnfcd;bdyibnoddimbgadbyovfgrbuiig
ondimijbdabh.fdbdyibcagcn.hfaghboccildijbfgbdyibsamzimp

~Þæmbrinýsogbhcionbjmxydgihbjózi~b(440)p--.gjimb'józ'bYpbhoxhb'dyibzfryd
asbdyibNamj';bqyfnib.gjimb'rinýsog'byibhoxhb'dyib .jrzigdbasbdyibNamjp'

~Ionbuigcþin.~b(486)p--.gjimb'uigc-þin.'bYpbhoxhb_gazpbln.p_;bqyfnib.gjim
'ion'byibhoxhb_gazpbhfgrp_

~Yiodya-mæzoh~b(519)p--.gjimb'æduimog'bYpbdmoghnodihb'dabdyibYiodyamizih';
qyfnib.gjimb'Yiodya-mæzoh'byibhoxhb'YiodyamæzohbmiocyihbUmicobfgbdyi
hqfzzfgr-zodcybqfdybUiaq.nsp'bYommfhagbogjbHyomlb(3jbijfdfag,b1888)bovafj
dyibjfhcmilogcxp

~Sáybséagj-hcoðo~b(554)p--.gjimb'séagj-hcoðo'bYpbhoxhb'obrniozfgr
hio-zaghdim';b.gjimb'sáy'byibhoxhb'yahdfnip'

~Agsigrbymoðibfgqfd-þogc.z~b(749)p--.gjimb'agsóg'bYpbhoxhb'yib_micifvij_
dyibzonfcfa.hnx-jfhlahijbagi';b.gjimb'fgqfd-þogc'byibhoxhb'yib_rmohlij_,'
idcp

~Gíð-q.gjambhéag~b(1366)p--.gjimb'gíð-q.gjam'bYpbconnhbdyfhbqamjbfdhins
_gazpbhfgrp_;b.gjimb'héag'byibdmoghnodihbfdbohbocc.hpbhfgrp,b.gjimhdogjfgr
'zog'bohbh.u icdbasb'héagp'bYpbogjbHpb(3jbijfdfag)bzokibdyibcammicdfagp

~Samriosbyfnji-ufnni~b(1521)p--Yp,b.gjimbdyibhicagjbqamj,bconnhbfdbfghdmp
jodp;bqyfnib.gjimb'samrfsog'byibzokihbfdbdyibjodpbasbfgjfmpbau pbYpbogjbHp
(3jbijfdfag)bzokibdyibcyogrip

~Umáj~bogjb~umúg-icr~b(1547)p--.gjimb'umáj'bYpbhoxhb'johbumifdibYüsdzihhim
zfdbumagtigimbKnfgri';b.gjimb'umúg-icr'byibhoxhb'fymbumifdihbYüsdzihhim
zfdbunfdtigjimbKnfgrip'

[110]

~Xðiníci~b(1557)p--.gjimbdyfhbqamjbYpbzokihbfdbzajfsxb'áhdójp'bFsbdyfhbui
mfryd,bdyibl.gcd.odfagbasbdyibsfsdybijfdfagbfhbqmagrpbHiibYpbogjbHp,
olligjfep

~Hénmogbrihóydi~b(1840)p--.gjimb'hén'bogjb'rihécog'bYpbconnhbdyihibdqa
qamjhbocc.hpbln.p;bu.dbdyfhbfhbcniomnxbogbimmam,bohbuadybomibgazpbln.p,
lmijpbgazpbYpbogjbHpbcammicdb.gjimb'hénp'

~Qfðbhxnsgi~b(1978)p--.gjimb'qfð'bogjb'rihfddog'bYpbhoxhb'qfðb=bgiom,bux';
.gjimb'hins'byibhoxhb'allahfdip'

~þéaq~b(2225)bfhbazfddijbsmazbdyibrnahhomxp

~Sambj.r.ð.z~b(2502)p--.gjimb'j.r.ð'bYpbdmoghnodihbdyfhblymohi,b'fg
Dücydfrkifd';b.gjimb'sam,'buxb'vambjimbijnigbKmfirimhcyoomp'

~þæm~b(2574)p--.gjimb'qionjog'bYpbdmoghnodihb_þæm_buxb'qa';b.gjimb'zódog,'
uxb'jop'bYpbogjbHpbh.rrihdb'fs'bfgbuadyblohhorihp

~Q.gji~b(2726)p--.gjimb'q.gj'bYpbhoxhb'jodfvi,'bogjb.gjimb'qæn-unéodi'byi
hoxhb'occ.hp'bFdbfhbqfdya.dbja.udbocc.hp,blomonninbqfdyb'uiggip'

~Hdmigr.zbriuæjij~b(3118)p--.gjimb'hdmigra'bYpbhoxhb'Hdmigr.z'b=bzfd
Zocyd;b.gjimb'riuæjij'byibdmoghnodihb'vagbjigbHiygigp'bYpbogjbHpbcammicd
dyfhbjfhcmilogcxbuxbmi icdfgrbdyibhicagjbmiojfgrp

~Umagjobuibnási~b(3162)p--ObmicigdbizigjodfagpbDyibsa.mdybijfdfagbyoj
'umagjobuidahdp'bFgbdyibsfsdybijfdfagbdyibijfdambgirnicdhbdabcyogribdyi
rnahhomxbdabh.fdbdyibgiqbizigjodfagpbHiib'uiqxmcogp'





IgjbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbUiaq.nsb

***bIGJbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbUIAQ.NSb***

*****bDyfhbsfnibhya.njbuibgozijb16328-8pdedbamb16328-8ptflb*****
Dyfhbogjbonnbohhacfodijbsfnihbasbvomfa.hbsamzodhbqfnnbuibsa.gjbfg:
bbbbbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpamr/1/6/3/2/16328/

Lmaj.cijbuxbJovfjbHdomgim,bJofgfhbZfnnimhbogjbdyibAgnfgi
Jfhdmfu.dijbLmaasmiojfgrbDiozbodbyddl://qqqplrjlpgid


.ljodijbijfdfaghbqfnnbmilnocibdyiblmivfa.hbagi--dyibanjbijfdfagh
qfnnbuibmigozijp

Cmiodfgrbdyibqamkhbsmazbl.unfcbjazofgblmfgdbijfdfaghbzioghbdyodbga
agibaqghbob.gfdijbHdodihbcalxmfrydbfgbdyihibqamkh,bhabdyibSa.gjodfag
(ogjbxa.!)bcogbcalxbogjbjfhdmfu.dibfdbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.d
limzfhhfagbogjbqfdya.dbloxfgrbcalxmfrydbmaxondfihpbbHlicfonbm.nih,
hidbsamdybfgbdyibRigimonbDimzhbasb.hiblomdbasbdyfhbnfcighi,bollnxbda
calxfgrbogjbjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbda
lmadicdbdyibLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMR-dzbcagcildbogjbdmojizomkpbbLma icd
R.diguimrbfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomk,bogjbzoxbgadbuib.hijbfsbxa.
cyomribsambdyibiUaakh,b.gnihhbxa.bmicifvibhlicfsfcblimzfhhfagpbbFsbxa.
jabgadbcyomribogxdyfgrbsambcalfihbasbdyfhbiUaak,bcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyi
m.nihbfhbvimxbiohxpbbXa.bzoxb.hibdyfhbiUaakbsambgiomnxbogxbl.mlahi
h.cybohbcmiodfagbasbjimfvodfvibqamkh,bmilamdh,blimsamzogcihbogj
mihiomcypbbDyixbzoxbuibzajfsfijbogjblmfgdijbogjbrfvigboqox--xa.bzoxbja
lmocdfconnxbOGXDYFGRbqfdybl.unfcbjazofgbiUaakhpbbMijfhdmfu.dfagbfh
h.u icdbdabdyibdmojizomkbnfcighi,bihlicfonnxbcazzimcfon
mijfhdmfu.dfagp



***bHDOMD:bS.NNbNFCIGHIb***

DYIbS.NNbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbNFCIGHI
LNIOHIbMIOJbDYFHbUISAMIbXA.bJFHDMFU.DIbAMb.HIbDYFHbQAMK

DablmadicdbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbdyibsmii
jfhdmfu.dfagbasbinicdmagfcbqamkh,buxb.hfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbdyfhbqamk
(ambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybdyiblymohib"Lma icd
R.diguimr"),bxa.bormiibdabcazlnxbqfdybonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyibS.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighib(ovofnounibqfdybdyfhbsfnibambagnfgibod
yddl://r.diguimrpgid/nfcighi)p


Hicdfagb1pbbRigimonbDimzhbasb.hibogjbMijfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkh

1pOpbbUxbmiojfgrbamb.hfgrbogxblomdbasbdyfhbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamk,bxa.bfgjfcodibdyodbxa.byovibmioj,b.gjimhdogj,bormiibda
ogjboccildbonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbnfcighibogjbfgdinnicd.onblmalimdx
(dmojizomk/calxmfryd)bormiizigdpbbFsbxa.bjabgadbormiibdaboufjibuxbonn
dyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbciohib.hfgrbogjbmid.mgbambjihdmax
onnbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbxa.mblahhihhfagp
Fsbxa.blofjbobsiibsambaudofgfgrbobcalxbasbamboccihhbdabobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbogjbxa.bjabgadbormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyi
dimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bzoxbaudofgbobmis.gjbsmazbdyiblimhagbam
igdfdxbdabqyazbxa.blofjbdyibsiibohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp8p

1pUpbb"Lma icdbR.diguimr"bfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomkpbbFdbzoxbagnxbui
.hijbagbambohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybogbinicdmagfcbqamkbuxblialnibqya
ormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbDyimibomibobsiq
dyfgrhbdyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybzahdbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh
ivigbqfdya.dbcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbHii
lomormolyb1pCbuinaqpbbDyimibomibobnadbasbdyfgrhbxa.bcogbjabqfdybLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfsbxa.bsannaqbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
ogjbyinlblmihimvibsmiibs.d.miboccihhbdabLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhpbbHiiblomormolyb1pIbuinaqp

1pCpbbDyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagb("dyibSa.gjodfag"
ambLRNOS),baqghbobcazlfnodfagbcalxmfrydbfgbdyibcannicdfagbasbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhpbbGiomnxbonnbdyibfgjfvfj.onbqamkhbfgbdyi
cannicdfagbomibfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbbFsbog
fgjfvfj.onbqamkbfhbfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbogjbxa.bomi
nacodijbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bqibjabgadbcnofzbobmfrydbdablmivigdbxa.bsmaz
calxfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhlnoxfgrbambcmiodfgrbjimfvodfvi
qamkhbuohijbagbdyibqamkbohbnagrbohbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr
omibmizavijpbbAsbca.mhi,bqibyalibdyodbxa.bqfnnbh.llamdbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbsmiiboccihhbdabinicdmagfcbqamkhbux
smiinxbhyomfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybdyibdimzhbas
dyfhbormiizigdbsambkiilfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbgozibohhacfodijbqfdy
dyibqamkpbbXa.bcogbiohfnxbcazlnxbqfdybdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbux
kiilfgrbdyfhbqamkbfgbdyibhozibsamzodbqfdybfdhboddocyijbs.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighibqyigbxa.bhyomibfdbqfdya.dbcyomribqfdybadyimhp

1pJpbbDyibcalxmfrydbnoqhbasbdyiblnocibqyimibxa.bomibnacodijbonhabravimg
qyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybdyfhbqamkpbbCalxmfrydbnoqhbfgbzahdbca.gdmfihbomibfg
obcaghdogdbhdodibasbcyogripbbFsbxa.bomiba.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bcyick
dyibnoqhbasbxa.mbca.gdmxbfgbojjfdfagbdabdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
uisamibjaqgnaojfgr,bcalxfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgrbam
cmiodfgrbjimfvodfvibqamkhbuohijbagbdyfhbqamkbambogxbadyimbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbqamkpbbDyibSa.gjodfagbzokihbgabmilmihigdodfaghbcagcimgfgr
dyibcalxmfrydbhdod.hbasbogxbqamkbfgbogxbca.gdmxba.dhfjibdyib.gfdij
Hdodihp

1pIpbb.gnihhbxa.byovibmizavijbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr:

1pIp1pbbDyibsannaqfgrbhigdigci,bqfdybocdfvibnfgkhbda,bambadyimbfzzijfodi
occihhbda,bdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibz.hdbolliomblmazfgigdnx
qyigivimbogxbcalxbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkb(ogxbqamkbagbqyfcybdyi
lymohib"Lma icdbR.diguimr"bolliomh,bambqfdybqyfcybdyiblymohib"Lma icd
R.diguimr"bfhbohhacfodij)bfhboccihhij,bjfhlnoxij,blimsamzij,bvfiqij,
calfijbambjfhdmfu.dij:

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpgid

1pIp2pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjimfvij
smazbdyibl.unfcbjazofgb(jaihbgadbcagdofgbobgadfcibfgjfcodfgrbdyodbfdbfh
lahdijbqfdyblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim),bdyibqamkbcogbuibcalfij
ogjbjfhdmfu.dijbdabogxagibfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.dbloxfgrbogxbsiih
ambcyomrihpbbFsbxa.bomibmijfhdmfu.dfgrbamblmavfjfgrboccihhbdabobqamk
qfdybdyiblymohib"Lma icdbR.diguimr"bohhacfodijbqfdybambolliomfgrbagbdyi
qamk,bxa.bz.hdbcazlnxbifdyimbqfdybdyibmiw.fmizigdhbasblomormolyhb1pIp1
dyma.ryb1pIp7bambaudofgblimzfhhfagbsambdyib.hibasbdyibqamkbogjbdyi
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkbohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyhb1pIp8bam
1pIp9p

1pIp3pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhblahdij
qfdybdyiblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim,bxa.mb.hibogjbjfhdmfu.dfag
z.hdbcazlnxbqfdybuadyblomormolyhb1pIp1bdyma.ryb1pIp7bogjbogxbojjfdfagon
dimzhbfzlahijbuxbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimpbbOjjfdfagonbdimzhbqfnnbuibnfgkij
dabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibsambonnbqamkhblahdijbqfdybdyi
limzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimbsa.gjbodbdyibuirfggfgrbasbdyfhbqamkp

1pIp4pbbJabgadb.gnfgkbambjidocybambmizavibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibdimzhbsmazbdyfhbqamk,bambogxbsfnihbcagdofgfgrboblomdbasbdyfh
qamkbambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbqfdybLma icdbR.diguimr-dzp

1pIp5pbbJabgadbcalx,bjfhlnox,blimsamz,bjfhdmfu.dibambmijfhdmfu.dibdyfh
inicdmagfcbqamk,bambogxblomdbasbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamk,bqfdya.d
lmazfgigdnxbjfhlnoxfgrbdyibhigdigcibhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp1bqfdy
ocdfvibnfgkhbambfzzijfodiboccihhbdabdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighip

1pIp6pbbXa.bzoxbcagvimdbdabogjbjfhdmfu.dibdyfhbqamkbfgbogxbufgomx,
cazlmihhij,bzomkijb.l,bgaglmalmfidomxbamblmalmfidomxbsamz,bfgcn.jfgrbogx
qamjblmacihhfgrbambyxlimdiedbsamzpbbYaqivim,bfsbxa.blmavfjiboccihhbdabam
jfhdmfu.dibcalfihbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkbfgbobsamzodbadyimbdyog
"LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF"bambadyimbsamzodb.hijbfgbdyibassfcfonbvimhfag
lahdijbagbdyibassfcfonbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqiubhfdib(qqqpr.diguimrpgid),
xa.bz.hd,bodbgabojjfdfagonbcahd,bsiibambielighibdabdyib.him,blmavfjibo
calx,bobzioghbasbielamdfgrbobcalx,bambobzioghbasbaudofgfgrbobcalxb.lag
miw.ihd,basbdyibqamkbfgbfdhbamfrfgonb"LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF"bambadyim
samzpbbOgxbondimgodibsamzodbz.hdbfgcn.jibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibohbhlicfsfijbfgblomormolyb1pIp1p

1pIp7pbbJabgadbcyomribobsiibsamboccihhbda,bvfiqfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,
limsamzfgr,bcalxfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkh
.gnihhbxa.bcazlnxbqfdyblomormolyb1pIp8bamb1pIp9p

1pIp8pbbXa.bzoxbcyomribobmiohagounibsiibsambcalfihbasbamblmavfjfgr
occihhbdabambjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhblmavfjij
dyod

-bXa.bloxbobmaxondxbsiibasb20%basbdyibrmahhblmasfdhbxa.bjimfvibsmaz
bbbbbdyib.hibasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbconc.nodijb.hfgrbdyibzidyaj
bbbbbxa.bonmiojxb.hibdabconc.nodibxa.mbollnfcounibdoeihpbbDyibsiibfh
bbbbbaqijbdabdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bu.dbyi
bbbbbyohbormiijbdabjagodibmaxondfihb.gjimbdyfhblomormolybdabdyi
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagpbbMaxondxbloxzigdh
bbbbbz.hdbuiblofjbqfdyfgb60bjoxhbsannaqfgrbiocybjodibagbqyfcybxa.
bbbbblmilomib(ambomibnironnxbmiw.fmijbdablmilomi)bxa.mblimfajfcbdoe
bbbbbmid.mghpbbMaxondxbloxzigdhbhya.njbuibcniomnxbzomkijbohbh.cybogj
bbbbbhigdbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbodbdyi
bbbbbojjmihhbhlicfsfijbfgbHicdfagb4,b"Fgsamzodfagboua.dbjagodfaghbda
bbbbbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagp"

-bXa.blmavfjibobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogxbzagixblofjbuxbob.himbqyabgadfsfih
bbbbbxa.bfgbqmfdfgrb(ambuxbi-zofn)bqfdyfgb30bjoxhbasbmicifldbdyodbh/yi
bbbbbjaihbgadbormiibdabdyibdimzhbasbdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
bbbbbNfcighipbbXa.bz.hdbmiw.fmibh.cybob.himbdabmid.mgbam
bbbbbjihdmaxbonnbcalfihbasbdyibqamkhblahhihhijbfgboblyxhfconbzijf.z
bbbbbogjbjfhcagdfg.ibonnb.hibasbogjbonnboccihhbdabadyimbcalfihbas
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

-bXa.blmavfji,bfgboccamjogcibqfdyblomormolyb1pSp3,bobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogx
bbbbbzagixblofjbsambobqamkbambobmilnocizigdbcalx,bfsbobjisicdbfgbdyi
bbbbbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjfhcavimijbogjbmilamdijbdabxa.bqfdyfgb90bjoxh
bbbbbasbmicifldbasbdyibqamkp

-bXa.bcazlnxbqfdybonnbadyimbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbsambsmii
bbbbbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

1pIp9pbbFsbxa.bqfhybdabcyomribobsiibambjfhdmfu.dibobLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkbambrma.lbasbqamkhbagbjfssimigdbdimzhbdyogbomibhid
samdybfgbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbaudofgblimzfhhfagbfgbqmfdfgrbsmaz
uadybdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbogjbZfcyoin
Yomd,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkpbbCagdocdbdyi
Sa.gjodfagbohbhidbsamdybfgbHicdfagb3buinaqp

1pSp

1pSp1pbbLma icdbR.diguimrbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbieligjbcaghfjimouni
issamdbdabfjigdfsx,bjabcalxmfrydbmihiomcybag,bdmoghcmfuibogjblmaasmioj
l.unfcbjazofgbqamkhbfgbcmiodfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cannicdfagpbbJihlfdibdyihibissamdh,bLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkh,bogjbdyibzijf.zbagbqyfcybdyixbzoxbuibhdamij,bzoxbcagdofg
"Jisicdh,"bh.cyboh,bu.dbgadbnfzfdijbda,bfgcazlnidi,bfgocc.modibam
camm.ldbjodo,bdmoghcmfldfagbimmamh,bobcalxmfrydbambadyimbfgdinnicd.on
lmalimdxbfgsmfgrizigd,bobjisicdfvibambjozorijbjfhkbambadyimbzijf.z,bo
cazl.dimbvfm.h,bambcazl.dimbcajihbdyodbjozoribambcoggadbuibmiojbux
xa.mbiw.flzigdp

1pSp2pbbNFZFDIJbQOMMOGDX,bJFHCNOFZIMbASbJOZORIHb-bIecildbsambdyib"Mfryd
asbMilnocizigdbambMis.gj"bjihcmfuijbfgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bogjbogxbadyimblomdxbjfhdmfu.dfgrbobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkb.gjimbdyfhbormiizigd,bjfhcnofzbonn
nfoufnfdxbdabxa.bsambjozorih,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbniron
siihpbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbXA.bYOVIbGAbMIZIJFIHbSAMbGIRNFRIGCI,bHDMFCD
NFOUFNFDX,bUMIOCYbASbQOMMOGDXbAMbUMIOCYbASbCAGDMOCDbIECILDbDYAHI
LMAVFJIJbFGbLOMORMOLYbS3pbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbDYIbSA.GJODFAG,bDYI
DMOJIZOMKbAQGIM,bOGJbOGXbJFHDMFU.DAMb.GJIMbDYFHbORMIIZIGDbQFNNbGADbUI
NFOUNIbDAbXA.bSAMbOCD.ON,bJFMICD,bFGJFMICD,bCAGHIW.IGDFON,bL.GFDFVIbAM
FGCFJIGDONbJOZORIHbIVIGbFSbXA.bRFVIbGADFCIbASbDYIbLAHHFUFNFDXbASbH.CY
JOZORIp

1pSp3pbbNFZFDIJbMFRYDbASbMILNOCIZIGDbAMbMIS.GJb-bFsbxa.bjfhcavimbo
jisicdbfgbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamkbqfdyfgb90bjoxhbasbmicifvfgrbfd,bxa.bcog
micifvibobmis.gjbasbdyibzagixb(fsbogx)bxa.blofjbsambfdbuxbhigjfgrbo
qmfddigbielnogodfagbdabdyiblimhagbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbsmazpbbFsbxa.
micifvijbdyibqamkbagboblyxhfconbzijf.z,bxa.bz.hdbmid.mgbdyibzijf.zbqfdy
xa.mbqmfddigbielnogodfagpbbDyiblimhagbambigdfdxbdyodblmavfjijbxa.bqfdy
dyibjisicdfvibqamkbzoxbinicdbdablmavfjibobmilnocizigdbcalxbfgbnfi.basbo
mis.gjpbbFsbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnx,bdyiblimhagbambigdfdx
lmavfjfgrbfdbdabxa.bzoxbcyaahibdabrfvibxa.bobhicagjballamd.gfdxbda
micifvibdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnxbfgbnfi.basbobmis.gjpbbFsbdyibhicagjbcalx
fhbonhabjisicdfvi,bxa.bzoxbjizogjbobmis.gjbfgbqmfdfgrbqfdya.dbs.mdyim
allamd.gfdfihbdabsfebdyiblmaunizp

1pSp4pbbIecildbsambdyibnfzfdijbmfrydbasbmilnocizigdbambmis.gjbhidbsamdy
fgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyfhbqamkbfhblmavfjijbdabxa.b'OH-FH'bQFDYbGAbADYIM
QOMMOGDFIHbASbOGXbKFGJ,bIELMIHHbAMbFZLNFIJ,bFGCN.JFGRbU.DbGADbNFZFDIJbDA
QOMMOGDFIHbASbZIMCYOGDFUFNFDXbAMbSFDGIHHbSAMbOGXbL.MLAHIp

1pSp5pbbHazibhdodihbjabgadbonnaqbjfhcnofzimhbasbcimdofgbfzlnfij
qommogdfihbambdyibiecn.hfagbambnfzfdodfagbasbcimdofgbdxlihbasbjozorihp
Fsbogxbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagbhidbsamdybfgbdyfhbormiizigdbvfanodihbdyi
noqbasbdyibhdodibollnfcounibdabdyfhbormiizigd,bdyibormiizigdbhyonnbui
fgdimlmidijbdabzokibdyibzoefz.zbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagblimzfddijbux
dyibollnfcounibhdodibnoqpbbDyibfgvonfjfdxbamb.gigsamcioufnfdxbasbogx
lmavfhfagbasbdyfhbormiizigdbhyonnbgadbvafjbdyibmizofgfgrblmavfhfaghp

1pSp6pbbFGJIZGFDXb-bXa.bormiibdabfgjizgfsxbogjbyanjbdyibSa.gjodfag,bdyi
dmojizomkbaqgim,bogxborigdbambizlnaxiibasbdyibSa.gjodfag,bogxagi
lmavfjfgrbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgboccamjogci
qfdybdyfhbormiizigd,bogjbogxbvan.gdiimhbohhacfodijbqfdybdyiblmaj.cdfag,
lmazadfagbogjbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh,
yomznihhbsmazbonnbnfoufnfdx,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbnironbsiih,
dyodbomfhibjfmicdnxbambfgjfmicdnxbsmazbogxbasbdyibsannaqfgrbqyfcybxa.bja
ambco.hibdabacc.m:b(o)bjfhdmfu.dfagbasbdyfhbambogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
qamk,b(u)bondimodfag,bzajfsfcodfag,bambojjfdfaghbambjinidfaghbdabogx
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamk,bogjb(c)bogxbJisicdbxa.bco.hip


Hicdfagbb2pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibZfhhfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbfhbhxgagxza.hbqfdybdyibsmiibjfhdmfu.dfagbas
inicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbsamzodhbmiojounibuxbdyibqfjihdbvomfidxbasbcazl.dimh
fgcn.jfgrbauhanidi,banj,bzfjjni-orijbogjbgiqbcazl.dimhpbbFdbiefhdh
uico.hibasbdyibissamdhbasby.gjmijhbasbvan.gdiimhbogjbjagodfaghbsmaz
lialnibfgbonnbqonkhbasbnfsip

Van.gdiimhbogjbsfgogcfonbh.llamdbdablmavfjibvan.gdiimhbqfdybdyi
ohhfhdogcibdyixbgiij,bfhbcmfdfconbdabmiocyfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz'h
raonhbogjbigh.mfgrbdyodbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbcannicdfagbqfnn
mizofgbsmiinxbovofnounibsambrigimodfaghbdabcazipbbFgb2001,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbqohbcmiodijbdablmavfjibobhic.mi
ogjblimzogigdbs.d.mibsambLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbogjbs.d.mibrigimodfaghp
Dabniomgbzamiboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag
ogjbyaqbxa.mbissamdhbogjbjagodfaghbcogbyinl,bhiibHicdfaghb3bogjb4
ogjbdyibSa.gjodfagbqiubloribodbyddl://qqqplrnospamrp


Hicdfagb3pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvi
Sa.gjodfag

DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbfhbobgagblmasfd
501(c)(3)bij.codfagonbcamlamodfagbamrogftijb.gjimbdyibnoqhbasbdyi
hdodibasbZfhhfhhfllfbogjbrmogdijbdoebieizldbhdod.hbuxbdyibFgdimgon
Mivig.ibHimvfcipbbDyibSa.gjodfag'hbIFGbambsijimonbdoebfjigdfsfcodfag
g.zuimbfhb64-6221541pbbFdhb501(c)(3)bniddimbfhblahdijbod
yddl://lrnospamr/s.gjmofhfgrpbbCagdmfu.dfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbomibdoebjij.cdfunibdabdyibs.nnbiedigd
limzfddijbuxb.pHpbsijimonbnoqhbogjbxa.mbhdodi'hbnoqhp

DyibSa.gjodfag'hblmfgcflonbassfcibfhbnacodijbodb4557bZinogbJmpbHp
Sofmuogkh,bOK,b99712p,bu.dbfdhbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbomibhcoddimij
dyma.rya.dbg.zima.hbnacodfaghpbbFdhbu.hfgihhbassfcibfhbnacodijbod
809bGamdyb1500bQihd,bHondbNokibCfdx,b.Db84116,b(801)b596-1887,bizofn
u.hfgihh@lrnospamrpbbIzofnbcagdocdbnfgkhbogjb.lbdabjodibcagdocd
fgsamzodfagbcogbuibsa.gjbodbdyibSa.gjodfag'hbqiubhfdibogjbassfcfon
loribodbyddl://lrnospamr

Sambojjfdfagonbcagdocdbfgsamzodfag:
bbbbbJmpbRmiramxbUpbGiqux
bbbbbCyfisbIeic.dfvibogjbJfmicdam
bbbbbrugiqux@lrnospamr


Hicdfagb4pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbJagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbjiligjhb.lagbogjbcoggadbh.mvfvibqfdya.dbqfji
hlmiojbl.unfcbh.llamdbogjbjagodfaghbdabcommxba.dbfdhbzfhhfagbas
fgcmiohfgrbdyibg.zuimbasbl.unfcbjazofgbogjbnfcighijbqamkhbdyodbcogbui
smiinxbjfhdmfu.dijbfgbzocyfgibmiojounibsamzboccihhfunibuxbdyibqfjihd
ommoxbasbiw.flzigdbfgcn.jfgrba.djodijbiw.flzigdpbbZogxbhzonnbjagodfagh
($1bdab$5,000)bomiblomdfc.nomnxbfzlamdogdbdabzofgdofgfgrbdoebieizld
hdod.hbqfdybdyibFMHp

DyibSa.gjodfagbfhbcazzfddijbdabcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibnoqhbmir.nodfgr
cyomfdfihbogjbcyomfdounibjagodfaghbfgbonnb50bhdodihbasbdyib.gfdij
HdodihpbbCazlnfogcibmiw.fmizigdhbomibgadb.gfsamzbogjbfdbdokihbo
caghfjimounibissamd,bz.cyblolimqamkbogjbzogxbsiihbdabziidbogjbkiilb.l
qfdybdyihibmiw.fmizigdhpbbQibjabgadbhanfcfdbjagodfaghbfgbnacodfagh
qyimibqibyovibgadbmicifvijbqmfddigbcagsfmzodfagbasbcazlnfogcipbbDa
HIGJbJAGODFAGHbambjidimzfgibdyibhdod.hbasbcazlnfogcibsambogx
lomdfc.nombhdodibvfhfdbyddl://lrnospamr

Qyfnibqibcoggadbogjbjabgadbhanfcfdbcagdmfu.dfaghbsmazbhdodihbqyimibqi
yovibgadbzidbdyibhanfcfdodfagbmiw.fmizigdh,bqibkgaqbasbgablmayfufdfag
orofghdboccildfgrb.ghanfcfdijbjagodfaghbsmazbjagamhbfgbh.cybhdodihbqya
ollmaocyb.hbqfdybassimhbdabjagodip

Fgdimgodfagonbjagodfaghbomibrmodis.nnxboccildij,bu.dbqibcoggadbzoki
ogxbhdodizigdhbcagcimgfgrbdoebdmiodzigdbasbjagodfaghbmicifvijbsmaz
a.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbb.pHpbnoqhbonagibhqozlba.mbhzonnbhdossp

LniohibcyickbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbQiublorihbsambc.mmigdbjagodfag
zidyajhbogjbojjmihhihpbbJagodfaghbomiboccildijbfgbobg.zuimbasbadyim
qoxhbfgcn.jfgrbfgcn.jfgrbcyickh,bagnfgibloxzigdhbogjbcmijfdbcomj
jagodfaghpbbDabjagodi,blniohibvfhfd:byddl://lrnospamr/jagodi


Hicdfagb5pbbRigimonbFgsamzodfagbOua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhp

LmasihhambZfcyoinbHpbYomdbfhbdyibamfrfgodambasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cagcildbasbobnfumomxbasbinicdmagfcbqamkhbdyodbca.njbuibsmiinxbhyomij
qfdybogxagipbbSambdyfmdxbxiomh,byiblmaj.cijbogjbjfhdmfu.dijbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbqfdybagnxbobnaahibgidqamkbasbvan.gdiimbh.llamdp


Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbomibasdigbcmiodijbsmazbhivimonblmfgdij
ijfdfagh,bonnbasbqyfcybomibcagsfmzijbohbL.unfcbJazofgbfgbdyib.pHp
.gnihhbobcalxmfrydbgadfcibfhbfgcn.jijpbbDy.h,bqibjabgadbgicihhomfnx
kiilbiUaakhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybogxblomdfc.nomblolimbijfdfagp


Zahdblialnibhdomdbodba.mbQiubhfdibqyfcybyohbdyibzofgbLRbhiomcybsocfnfdx:

bbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpgid

DyfhbQiubhfdibfgcn.jihbfgsamzodfagboua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz,
fgcn.jfgrbyaqbdabzokibjagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomx
OmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,byaqbdabyinlblmaj.ciba.mbgiqbiUaakh,bogjbyaqbda
h.uhcmfuibdaba.mbizofnbgiqhniddimbdabyiomboua.dbgiqbiUaakhp

