DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbYiomdbasbJomkgihh,buxb ahilybCagmoj

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpamr


Dfdni:bYiomdbasbJomkgihh

O.dyam:b ahilybCagmoj

MiniohibJodi:bSium.omxb1995b[IUaakb#219]
Nohdb.ljodij:bZomcyb2,b2018

Nogr.ori:bIgrnfhy

Cyomocdimbhidbigcajfgr:b.DS-8

***bHDOMDbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbYIOMDbASbJOMKGIHHb***




Lmaj.cijbuxb .jfdybUahhbogjbJovfjbQfjrim





YIOMDbASbJOMKGIHH

Uxb ahilybCagmoj




F


DyibGinnfi,bobcm.fhfgrbxoqn,bhq.grbdabyimbogcyambqfdya.dbobsn.ddimbas
dyibhofnh,bogjbqohbodbmihdpbDyibsnaajbyojbzoji,bdyibqfgjbqohbgiomnx
conz,bogjbuifgrbua.gjbjaqgbdyibmfvim,bdyibagnxbdyfgrbsambfdbqohbdabcazi
dabogjbqofdbsambdyibd.mgbasbdyibdfjip

Dyibhio-miocybasbdyibDyozihbhdmidcyijbuisamib.hbnfkibdyibuirfggfgrbas
ogbfgdimzfgounibqodimqoxpbFgbdyibassfgrbdyibhiobogjbdyibhkxbqimibqinjij
daridyimbqfdya.dbob afgd,bogjbfgbdyibn.zfga.hbhlocibdyibdoggijbhofnh
asbdyibuomrihbjmfsdfgrb.lbqfdybdyibdfjibhiizijbdabhdogjbhdfnnbfgbmij
cn.hdimhbasbcogvohbhyomlnxbliokij,bqfdybrniozhbasbvomgfhyijbhlmfdhpbO
yotibmihdijbagbdyibnaqbhyamihbdyodbmogba.dbdabhiobfgbvogfhyfgrbsnodgihhp
DyibofmbqohbjomkbouavibRmovihigj,bogjbsomdyimbuockbhdfnnbhiizij
cagjighijbfgdabobza.mgs.nbrnaaz,bumaajfgrbzadfagnihhbavimbdyibufrrihd,
ogjbdyibrmiodihd,bdaqgbagbiomdyp

DyibJfmicdambasbCazlogfihbqohba.mbcoldofgbogjba.mbyahdpbQibsa.m
ossicdfagodinxbqodcyijbyfhbuockbohbyibhdaajbfgbdyibuaqhbnaakfgrbda
hioqomjpbAgbdyibqyanibmfvimbdyimibqohbgadyfgrbdyodbnaakijbyonsbha
go.dfconpbYibmihizunijboblfnad,bqyfcybdabobhiozogbfhbdm.hdqamdyfgihh
limhagfsfijpbFdbqohbjfssfc.ndbdabmionftibyfhbqamkbqohbgadba.dbdyimibfg
dyibn.zfga.hbihd.omx,bu.dbuiyfgjbyfz,bqfdyfgbdyibumaajfgrbrnaazp

Uidqiigb.hbdyimibqoh,bohbFbyovibonmiojxbhofjbhaziqyimi,bdyibuagjbas
dyibhiopbUihfjihbyanjfgrba.mbyiomdhbdaridyimbdyma.rybnagrblimfajhbas
hilomodfag,bfdbyojbdyibissicdbasbzokfgrb.hbdanimogdbasbiocybadyim'h
xomgh--ogjbivigbcagvfcdfaghpbDyibNoqxim--dyibuihdbasbanjbsinnaqh--yoj,
uico.hibasbyfhbzogxbxiomhbogjbzogxbvfmd.ih,bdyibagnxbc.hyfagbagbjick,
ogjbqohbnxfgrbagbdyibagnxbm.rpbDyibOcca.gdogdbyojbuma.rydba.dbonmiojxbo
uaebasbjazfgaih,bogjbqohbdaxfgrbomcyfdicd.monnxbqfdybdyibuagihpbZomnaq
hodbcmahh-nirrijbmfrydbosd,bniogfgrborofghdbdyibzfttig-zohdpbYibyoj
h.gkigbcyiikh,bobxinnaqbcazlniefag,bobhdmofrydbuock,bogbohcidfcbohlicd,
ogj,bqfdybyfhbomzhbjmallij,bdyiblonzhbasbyogjhba.dqomjh,bmihizunijbog
fjanpbDyibjfmicdam,bhodfhsfijbdyibogcyambyojbraajbyanj,bzojibyfhbqox
osdbogjbhodbjaqgbozagrhdb.hpbQibiecyogrijbobsiqbqamjhbnotfnxpbOsdimqomjh
dyimibqohbhfnigcibagbuaomjbdyibxocydpbSambhazibmiohagbambadyimbqibjfj
gadbuirfgbdyodbrozibasbjazfgaihpbQibsindbzijfdodfvi,bogjbsfdbsambgadyfgr
u.dblnocfjbhdomfgrpbDyibjoxbqohbigjfgrbfgbobhimigfdxbasbhdfnnbogj
iew.fhfdibumfnnfogcipbDyibqodimbhyagiblocfsfconnx;bdyibhkx,bqfdya.dbo
hlick,bqohbobuigfrgbfzzighfdxbasb.ghdofgijbnfryd;bdyibvimxbzfhdbagbdyi
Ihhiebzomhybqohbnfkibobro.txbogjbmojfogdbsoumfc,by.grbsmazbdyibqaajij
mfhihbfgnogj,bogjbjmolfgrbdyibnaqbhyamihbfgbjfolyoga.hbsanjhpbAgnxbdyi
rnaazbdabdyibqihd,bumaajfgrbavimbdyib.llimbmiocyih,buicozibzamibhazumi
ivimxbzfg.di,bohbfsbogrimijbuxbdyibollmaocybasbdyibh.gp

Ogjbodbnohd,bfgbfdhbc.mvijbogjbfzlimcildfunibsonn,bdyibh.gbhogkbnaq,bogj
smazbrnaqfgrbqyfdibcyogrijbdabobj.nnbmijbqfdya.dbmoxhbogjbqfdya.dbyiod,
ohbfsboua.dbdabraba.dbh.jjignx,bhdmfckigbdabjiodybuxbdyibda.cybasbdyod
rnaazbumaajfgrbavimbobcmaqjbasbzigp

Samdyqfdybobcyogribcozibavimbdyibqodimh,bogjbdyibhimigfdxbuicozibnihh
umfnnfogdbu.dbzamiblmasa.gjpbDyibanjbmfvimbfgbfdhbumaojbmiocybmihdij
.gm.ssnijbodbdyibjicnfgibasbjox,bosdimborihbasbraajbhimvfcibjagibdabdyi
mocibdyodblialnijbfdhbuogkh,bhlmiojba.dbfgbdyibdmogw.fnbjfrgfdxbasbo
qodimqoxbniojfgrbdabdyib.ddimzahdbigjhbasbdyibiomdypbQibnaakijbodbdyi
vigimounibhdmiozbgadbfgbdyibvfvfjbsn.hybasbobhyamdbjoxbdyodbcazihbogj
jilomdhbsambivim,bu.dbfgbdyibo.r.hdbnfrydbasboufjfgrbzizamfihpbOgj
fgjiijbgadyfgrbfhbiohfimbsambobzogbqyabyoh,bohbdyiblymohibraih,
“sannaqijbdyibhio”bqfdybmivimigcibogjbossicdfag,bdyogbdabivakibdyi
rmiodbhlfmfdbasbdyiblohdb.lagbdyibnaqimbmiocyihbasbdyibDyozihpbDyibdfjon
c.mmigdbm.ghbdabogjbsmabfgbfdhb.gciohfgrbhimvfci,bcmaqjijbqfdybzizamfih
asbzigbogjbhyflhbfdbyojbuamgibdabdyibmihdbasbyazibambdabdyibuoddnih
asbdyibhiopbFdbyojbkgaqgbogjbhimvijbonnbdyibzigbasbqyazbdyibgodfagbfh
lma.j,bsmazbHfmbSmogcfhbJmokibdabHfmb aygbSmogknfg,bkgfrydhbonn,bdfdnij
ogjb.gdfdnij--dyibrmiodbkgfrydh-immogdbasbdyibhiopbFdbyojbuamgibonnbdyi
hyflhbqyahibgozihbomibnfkib iqinhbsnohyfgrbfgbdyibgfrydbasbdfzi,bsmaz
dyib_RanjigbYfgj_bmid.mgfgrbqfdybyimbmad.gjbsnogkhbs.nnbasbdmioh.mi,bdabui
vfhfdijbuxbdyibW.iig'hbYfrygihhbogjbdy.hblohhba.dbasbdyibrfrogdfcbdoni,
dabdyib_Imiu.h_bogjb_Dimmam_,bua.gjbagbadyimbcagw.ihdh--ogjbdyodbgivim
mid.mgijpbFdbyojbkgaqgbdyibhyflhbogjbdyibzigpbDyixbyojbhofnijbsmaz
Jildsamj,bsmazbRmiigqfcy,bsmazbImfdy--dyibojvigd.mimhbogjbdyibhiddnimh;
kfgrh'bhyflhbogjbdyibhyflhbasbzigbagb'Cyogri;bcoldofgh,bojzfmonh,bdyi
jomkb“fgdimnalimh”basbdyibIohdimgbdmoji,bogjbdyibcazzfhhfagijb“rigimonh”
basbIohdbFgjfobsniidhpbY.gdimhbsambranjbambl.mh.imhbasbsozi,bdyixbonn
yojbragiba.dbagbdyodbhdmioz,buiomfgrbdyibhqamj,bogjbasdigbdyibdamcy,
zihhigrimhbasbdyibzfrydbqfdyfgbdyibnogj,buiomimhbasbobhlomkbsmazbdyi
hocmijbsfmipbQyodbrmiodgihhbyojbgadbsnaodijbagbdyibiuubasbdyodbmfvim
fgdabdyibzxhdimxbasbogb.gkgaqgbiomdy!pppbDyibjmiozhbasbzig,bdyibhiij
asbcazzagqiondyh,bdyibrimzhbasbizlfmihp

Dyibh.gbhid;bdyibj.hkbsinnbagbdyibhdmioz,bogjbnfrydhbuirogbdabolliom
onagrbdyibhyamipbDyibCyolzogbnfryd-ya.hi,bobdymii-nirrijbdyfgrbimicd
agbobz.j-snod,bhyagibhdmagrnxpbNfrydhbasbhyflhbzavijbfgbdyibsofmqox--o
rmiodbhdfmbasbnfrydhbrafgrb.lbogjbrafgrbjaqgpbOgjbsomdyimbqihdbagbdyi
.llimbmiocyihbdyiblnocibasbdyibzaghdma.hbdaqgbqohbhdfnnbzomkijbazfga.hnx
agbdyibhkx,bobumaajfgrbrnaazbfgbh.ghyfgi,bobn.mfjbrnomib.gjimbdyibhdomhp

“Ogjbdyfhbonha,”bhofjbZomnaqbh.jjignx,b“yohbuiigbagibasbdyibjomkblnocih
asbdyibiomdyp”

Yibqohbdyibagnxbzogbasb.hbqyabhdfnnb“sannaqijbdyibhiop”bDyibqamhdbdyod
ca.njbuibhofjbasbyfzbqohbdyodbyibjfjbgadbmilmihigdbyfhbcnohhpbYibqohbo
hiozog,bu.dbyibqohbobqogjimim,bdaa,bqyfnibzahdbhiozigbnioj,bfsbagibzox
habielmihhbfd,bobhijigdomxbnfsipbDyifmbzfgjhbomibasbdyibhdox-od-yazi
amjim,bogjbdyifmbyazibfhbonqoxhbqfdybdyiz--dyibhyfl;bogjbhabfhbdyifm
ca.gdmx--dyibhiopbAgibhyflbfhbvimxbz.cybnfkibogadyim,bogjbdyibhiobfh
onqoxhbdyibhozipbFgbdyibfzz.doufnfdxbasbdyifmbh.mma.gjfgrhbdyibsamifrg
hyamih,bdyibsamifrgbsocih,bdyibcyogrfgrbfzzighfdxbasbnfsi,brnfjiblohd,
vifnijbgadbuxbobhighibasbzxhdimxbu.dbuxbobhnfrydnxbjfhjofgs.nbfrgamogci;
sambdyimibfhbgadyfgrbzxhdimfa.hbdabobhiozogb.gnihhbfdbuibdyibhiobfdhins,
qyfcybfhbdyibzfhdmihhbasbyfhbiefhdigcibogjbohbfghcm.dounibohbJihdfgxp
Sambdyibmihd,bosdimbyfhbya.mhbasbqamk,bobcoh.onbhdmannbambobcoh.onbhlmii
agbhyamibh.ssfcihbdab.gsanjbsambyfzbdyibhicmidbasbobqyanibcagdfgigd,
ogjbrigimonnxbyibsfgjhbdyibhicmidbgadbqamdybkgaqfgrpbDyibxomghbasbhiozig
yovibobjfmicdbhfzlnfcfdx,bdyibqyanibziogfgrbasbqyfcybnfihbqfdyfgbdyi
hyinnbasbobcmockijbg.dpbU.dbZomnaqbqohbgadbdxlfconb(fsbyfhblmalighfdx
dabhlfgbxomghbuibiecildij),bogjbdabyfzbdyibziogfgrbasbogbilfhajibqohbgad
fghfjibnfkibobkimginbu.dba.dhfji,bigvinalfgrbdyibdonibqyfcybuma.rydbfd
a.dbagnxbohbobrnaqbumfgrhba.dbobyoti,bfgbdyibnfkigihhbasbagibasbdyihi
zfhdxbyonahbdyodbhazidfzihbomibzojibvfhfunibuxbdyibhlicdmonbfnn.zfgodfag
asbzaaghyfgip

Yfhbmizomkbjfjbgadbhiizbodbonnbh.mlmfhfgrpbFdbqohb .hdbnfkibZomnaqp
FdbqohboccildijbfgbhfnigcipbGabagibdaakbdyibdma.unibdabrm.gdbivig;bogj
lmihigdnxbyibhofj,bvimxbhnaq--“Fbqohbdyfgkfgrbasbvimxbanjbdfzih,bqyig
dyibMazoghbsfmhdbcozibyimi,bgfgidiigby.gjmijbxiomhbora--dyibadyimbjox
ppppbNfrydbcoziba.dbasbdyfhbmfvimbhfgci--xa.bhoxbKgfrydh?bXih;bu.d
fdbfhbnfkibobm.ggfgrbunotibagboblnofg,bnfkibobsnohybasbnfrydgfgrbfgbdyi
cna.jhpbQibnfvibfgbdyibsnfckim--zoxbfdbnohdbohbnagrbohbdyibanjbiomdy
kiilhbmannfgr!bU.dbjomkgihhbqohbyimibxihdimjoxpbFzorfgibdyibsiinfgrh
asbobcazzogjimbasbobsfgi--qyodbj'xibconnb'iz?--dmfmizibfgbdyi
Zijfdimmogiog,bamjimijbh.jjignxbdabdyibgamdy;bm.gbavimnogjbocmahhbdyi
Ro.nhbfgboby.mmx;bl.dbfgbcyomribasbagibasbdyihibcmosdbdyibnirfagomfih--o
qagjims.nbnadbasbyogjxbzigbdyixbz.hdbyovibuiig,bdaa--.hijbdabu.fnj,
ollomigdnxbuxbdyiby.gjmij,bfgbobzagdybambdqa,bfsbqibzoxbuinfivibqyodbqi
miojpbFzorfgibyfzbyimi--dyibvimxbigjbasbdyibqamnj,bobhiobdyibcana.m
asbnioj,bobhkxbdyibcana.mbasbhzaki,bobkfgjbasbhyflboua.dbohbmfrfjbohbo
cagcimdfgo--ogjbrafgrb.lbdyfhbmfvimbqfdybhdamih,bambamjimh,bambqyodbxa.
nfkipbHogj-uogkh,bzomhyih,bsamihdh,bhovorih,--lmicfa.hbnfddnibdabiod
sfdbsambobcfvfnftijbzog,bgadyfgrbu.dbDyozihbqodimbdabjmfgkpbGabSonimgfog
qfgibyimi,bgabrafgrbohyamipbYimibogjbdyimibobzfnfdomxbcozlbnahdbfg
obqfnjimgihh,bnfkibobgiijnibfgbobu.gjnibasbyox--canj,bsar,bdizlihdh,
jfhiohi,biefni,bogjbjiody--jiodybhk.nkfgrbfgbdyibofm,bfgbdyibqodim,bfg
dyibu.hypbDyixbz.hdbyovibuiigbjxfgrbnfkibsnfihbyimipbAy,bxih--yibjfj
fdpbJfjbfdbvimxbqinn,bdaa,bgabja.ud,bogjbqfdya.dbdyfgkfgrbz.cyboua.d
fdbifdyim,biecildbosdimqomjhbdabumorbasbqyodbyibyojbragibdyma.rybfgbyfh
dfzi,blimyolhpbDyixbqimibzigbiga.rybdabsocibdyibjomkgihhpbOgjblimyolhbyi
qohbcyiimijbuxbkiilfgrbyfhbixibagbobcyogcibasblmazadfagbdabdyibsniidbod
Moviggobuxbogjbux,bfsbyibyojbraajbsmfigjhbfgbMazibogjbh.mvfvijbdyiboqs.n
cnfzodipbAmbdyfgkbasbobjicigdbxa.grbcfdftigbfgbobdaro--limyolhbdaa
z.cybjfci,bxa.bkgaq--cazfgrba.dbyimibfgbdyibdmofgbasbhaziblmisicd,bam
doe-rodyimim,bambdmojimbivig,bdabzigjbyfhbsamd.gihpbNogjbfgbobhqozl,
zomcybdyma.rybdyibqaajh,bogjbfgbhazibfgnogjblahdbsiinbdyibhovorimx,bdyi
.ddimbhovorimx,byojbcnahijbma.gjbyfz--onnbdyodbzxhdimfa.hbnfsibasbdyi
qfnjimgihhbdyodbhdfmhbfgbdyibsamihd,bfgbdyib .grnih,bfgbdyibyiomdhbas
qfnjbzigpbDyimi'hbgabfgfdfodfagbifdyimbfgdabh.cybzxhdimfihpbYibyohbda
nfvibfgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyibfgcazlmiyighfuni,bqyfcybfhbonhabjidihdounipbOgj
fdbyohbobsohcfgodfag,bdaa,bdyodbraihbdabqamkb.lagbyfzpbDyibsohcfgodfag
asbdyibouazfgodfag--xa.bkgaq,bfzorfgibdyibrmaqfgrbmirmidh,bdyibnagrfgr
dabihcoli,bdyiblaqimnihhbjfhr.hd,bdyibh.mmigjim,bdyibyodip”

Yiblo.hijp

“Zfgj,”byibuirogborofg,bnfsdfgrbagibomzbsmazbdyibinuaq,bdyiblonzbasbdyi
yogjba.dqomjh,bhabdyod,bqfdybyfhbnirhbsanjijbuisamibyfz,byibyojbdyi
lahibasbobU.jjyoblmiocyfgrbfgbI.maliogbcnadyihbogjbqfdya.dbo
nad.h-snaqim--“Zfgj,bgagibasb.hbqa.njbsiinbieocdnxbnfkibdyfhpbQyodbhovih
.hbfhbissfcfigcx--dyibjivadfagbdabissfcfigcxpbU.dbdyihibcyolhbqimibgad
z.cybocca.gd,bmionnxpbDyixbqimibgabcanagfhdh;bdyifmbojzfgfhdmodfagbqoh
ziminxbobhw.iiti,bogjbgadyfgrbzami,bFbh.hlicdpbDyixbqimibcagw.imamh,bogj
sambdyodbxa.bqogdbagnxbum.dibsamci--gadyfgrbdabuaohdbas,bqyigbxa.byovi
fd,bhfgcibxa.mbhdmigrdybfhb .hdbogboccfjigdbomfhfgrbsmazbdyibqiokgihhbas
adyimhpbDyixbrmouuijbqyodbdyixbca.njbridbsambdyibhokibasbqyodbqohbda
uibradpbFdbqohb .hdbmauuimxbqfdybvfanigci,borrmovodijbz.mjimbagbobrmiod
hconi,bogjbzigbrafgrbodbfdbunfgj--ohbfhbvimxblmalimbsambdyahibqyabdockni
objomkgihhpbDyibcagw.ihdbasbdyibiomdy,bqyfcybzahdnxbzioghbdyibdokfgr
fdboqoxbsmazbdyahibqyabyovibobjfssimigdbcazlniefagbambhnfrydnxbsnoddim
gahihbdyogba.mhinvih,bfhbgadboblmiddxbdyfgrbqyigbxa.bnaakbfgdabfdbdaa
z.cypbQyodbmijiizhbfdbfhbdyibfjiobagnxpbOgbfjiobodbdyibuockbasbfd;bgad
obhigdfzigdonblmidigcibu.dbogbfjio;bogjbogb.ghinsfhybuinfisbfgbdyi
fjio--hazidyfgrbxa.bcogbhidb.l,bogjbuaqbjaqgbuisami,bogjbassimbo
hocmfsfcibdapppp”

YibumakibasspbSnozihbrnfjijbfgbdyibmfvim,bhzonnbrmiigbsnozih,bmij
snozih,bqyfdibsnozih,bl.mh.fgr,bavimdokfgr,b afgfgr,bcmahhfgrbiocy
adyim--dyigbhilomodfgrbhnaqnxbambyohdfnxpbDyibdmossfcbasbdyibrmiodbcfdx
qigdbagbfgbdyibjiiligfgrbgfrydb.lagbdyibhniilnihhbmfvimpbQibnaakijbag,
qofdfgrblodfigdnx--dyimibqohbgadyfgrbinhibdabjabdfnnbdyibigjbas
dyibsnaaj;bu.dbfdbqohbagnxbosdimbobnagrbhfnigci,bqyigbyibhofj,bfg
obyihfdodfgrbvafci,b“Fbh.llahibxa.bsinnaqhbmizizuimbFbjfjbagcibd.mg
smihy-qodimbhofnambsambobufd,”bdyodbqibkgiqbqibqimibsodij,buisami
dyibiuubuirogbdabm.g,bdabyiomboua.dbagibasbZomnaq'hbfgcagcn.hfvi
ielimfigcihp

“Fbjag'dbqogdbdabuadyimbxa.bz.cybqfdybqyodbyolligijbdabziblimhagonnx,”
byibuirog,bhyaqfgrbfgbdyfhbmizomkbdyibqiokgihhbasbzogxbdinnimhbasbdonih
qyabhiizbhabasdigb.goqomibasbqyodbdyifmbo.jfigcibqa.njbnfkibuihdbda
yiom;b“xidbdab.gjimhdogjbdyibissicdbasbfdbagbzibxa.ba.rydbdabkgaqbyaqbF
radba.dbdyimi,bqyodbFbhoq,byaqbFbqigdb.lbdyodbmfvimbdabdyiblnocibqyimibF
sfmhdbzidbdyiblaambcyolpbFdbqohbdyibsomdyihdblafgdbasbgovfrodfagbogjbdyi
c.nzfgodfgrblafgdbasbzxbielimfigcipbFdbhiizijbhaziyaqbdabdymaqbobkfgj
asbnfrydbagbivimxdyfgrboua.dbzi--ogjbfgdabzxbdya.rydhpbFdbqohbhazumi
iga.ry,bdaa--ogjblfdfs.n--gadbiedmoamjfgomxbfgbogxbqox--gadbvimxbcniom
ifdyimpbGa,bgadbvimxbcniompbOgjbxidbfdbhiizijbdabdymaqbobkfgjbasbnfrydp

“Fbyojbdyig,bohbxa.bmizizuim,b .hdbmid.mgijbdabNagjagbosdimbobnadbas
FgjfogbAciog,bLocfsfc,bCyfgobHioh--obmir.nombjahibasbdyibIohd--hfebxiomh
ambha,bogjbFbqohbnaosfgrboua.d,byfgjimfgrbxa.bsinnaqhbfgbxa.mbqamkbogj
fgvojfgrbxa.mbyazih,b .hdbohbdya.rybFbyojbradbobyiovignxbzfhhfagbda
cfvfnftibxa.pbFdbqohbvimxbsfgibsambobdfzi,bu.dbosdimbobufdbFbjfjbrid
dfmijbasbmihdfgrpbDyigbFbuirogbdabnaakbsambobhyfl--Fbhya.njbdyfgkbdyi
yomjihdbqamkbagbiomdypbU.dbdyibhyflhbqa.njg'dbivigbnaakbodbzipbOgjbFbrad
dfmijbasbdyodbrozi,bdaap

“GaqbqyigbFbqohbobnfddnibcyolbFbyojboblohhfagbsambzolhpbFbqa.njbnaakbsam
ya.mhbodbHa.dybOzimfco,bambOsmfco,bambO.hdmonfo,bogjbnahibzxhinsbfgbonn
dyibrnamfihbasbielnamodfagpbOdbdyodbdfzibdyimibqimibzogxbunogkbhlocihbag
dyibiomdy,bogjbqyigbFbhoqbagibdyodbnaakijblomdfc.nomnxbfgvfdfgrbagbobzol
(u.dbdyixbonnbnaakbdyod)bFbqa.njbl.dbzxbsfgrimbagbfdbogjbhox,b'Qyig
Fbrmaqb.lbFbqfnnbrabdyimip'bDyibGamdybLanibqohbagibasbdyihiblnocih,bF
mizizuimpbQinn,bFbyovig'dbuiigbdyimibxid,bogjbhyonnbgadbdmxbgaqpbDyi
rnoza.m'hbasspbAdyimblnocihbqimibhcoddimijboua.dbdyibyizfhlyimihpbF
yovibuiigbfgbhazibasbdyiz,bogjpppbqinn,bqibqag'dbdonkboua.dbdyodpbU.d
dyimibqohbagibxid--dyibufrrihd,bdyibzahdbunogk,bhabdabhliok--dyodbFbyoj
obyogkimfgrbosdimp

“Dm.i,buxbdyfhbdfzibfdbqohbgadbobunogkbhlocibogxbzamipbFdbyojbradbsfnnij
hfgcibzxbuaxyaajbqfdybmfvimhbogjbnokihbogjbgozihpbFdbyojbciohijbdabui
obunogkbhlocibasbjinfryds.nbzxhdimx--obqyfdiblodcybsambobuaxbdabjmioz
rnamfa.hnxbavimpbFdbyojbuicaziboblnocibasbjomkgihhpbU.dbdyimibqohbfgbfd
agibmfvimbihlicfonnx,bobzfrydxbufrbmfvim,bdyodbxa.bca.njbhiibagbdyibzol,
mihizunfgrbogbfzzighibhgokib.gcafnij,bqfdybfdhbyiojbfgbdyibhio,bfdh
uajxbodbmihdbc.mvfgrbosombavimbobvohdbca.gdmx,bogjbfdhbdofnbnahdbfgbdyi
jildyhbasbdyibnogjpbOgjbohbFbnaakijbodbdyibzolbasbfdbfgbobhyal-qfgjaq,
fdbsohcfgodijbzibohbobhgokibqa.njbobufmj--obhfnnxbnfddnibufmjpbDyigbF
mizizuimijbdyimibqohbobufrbcagcimg,bobCazlogxbsambdmojibagbdyodbmfvimp
Johybfdbonn!bFbdya.rydbdabzxhins,bdyixbcog'dbdmojibqfdya.db.hfgrbhazi
kfgjbasbcmosdbagbdyodbnadbasbsmihybqodim--hdiozuaodh!bQyxbhya.njg'dbF
dmxbdabridbcyomribasbagi?bFbqigdbagbonagrbSniidbHdmiid,bu.dbca.njbgad
hyokibassbdyibfjiopbDyibhgokibyojbcyomzijbzip

“Xa.b.gjimhdogjbfdbqohbobCagdfgigdonbcagcimg,bdyodbDmojfgrbhacfidx;bu.d
FbyovibobnadbasbminodfaghbnfvfgrbagbdyibCagdfgigd,buico.hibfd'hbcyiol
ogjbgadbhabgohdxbohbfdbnaakh,bdyixbhoxp

“FbozbhammxbdabaqgbFbuirogbdabqammxbdyizpbDyfhbqohbonmiojxbobsmihy
jilomd.mibsambzipbFbqohbgadb.hijbdabridbdyfgrhbdyodbqox,bxa.bkgaqpbF
onqoxhbqigdbzxbaqgbmaojbogjbagbzxbaqgbnirhbqyimibFbyojbobzfgjbdabrapbF
qa.njg'dbyovibuinfivijbfdbasbzxhins;bu.d,bdyig--xa.bhii--Fbsindbhaziyaq
Fbz.hdbridbdyimibuxbyaakbambuxbcmaakpbHabFbqammfijbdyizpbDyibzigbhofj
'Zxbjiombsinnaq,'bogjbjfjbgadyfgrpbDyig--qa.njbxa.buinfivibfd?--Fbdmfij
dyibqazigpbF,bCyomnfibZomnaq,bhidbdyibqazigbdabqamk--dabridbob aup
Yiovigh!bQinn,bxa.bhii,bdyibgadfagbjmavibzipbFbyojbogbo.gd,bobjiom
igdy.hfohdfcbha.npbHyibqmadi:b'Fdbqfnnbuibjinfryds.npbFbozbmiojxbdabja
ogxdyfgr,bogxdyfgrbsambxa.pbFdbfhbobrnamfa.hbfjiopbFbkgaqbdyibqfsibasbo
vimxbyfryblimhagoribfgbdyibOjzfgfhdmodfag,bogjbonhabobzogbqyabyohbnadh
asbfgsn.igcibqfdy,'bidcpbHyibqohbjidimzfgijbdabzokibgabigjbasbs.hhbda
ridbzibollafgdijbhkfllimbasbobmfvimbhdiozuaod,bfsbh.cybqohbzxbsogcxp

“Fbradbzxbollafgdzigd--asbca.mhi;bogjbFbradbfdbvimxbw.fckpbFdbolliomh
dyibCazlogxbyojbmicifvijbgiqhbdyodbagibasbdyifmbcoldofghbyojbuiigbkfnnij
fgbobhc.ssnibqfdybdyibgodfvihpbDyfhbqohbzxbcyogci,bogjbfdbzojibzibdyi
zamibogefa.hbdabrapbFdbqohbagnxbzagdyhbogjbzagdyhbosdimqomjh,bqyigbF
zojibdyiboddizldbdabmicavimbqyodbqohbnisdbasbdyibuajx,bdyodbFbyiomjbdyi
amfrfgonbw.omminbomahibsmazbobzfh.gjimhdogjfgrboua.dbhazibyighpbXih,
dqabunockbyighpbSmihnivig--dyodbqohbdyibsinnaq'hbgozi,bobJogi--dya.ryd
yfzhinsbqmagrijbhaziyaqbfgbdyibuomrofg,bhabyibqigdbohyamibogjbhdomdijbda
yozzimbdyibcyfisbasbdyibvfnnoribqfdybobhdfckpbAy,bfdbjfjg'dbh.mlmfhi
zibfgbdyibniohdbdabyiombdyfh,bogjbodbdyibhozibdfzibdabuibdanjbdyod
Smihnivigbqohbdyibrigdnihd,bw.fidihdbcmiod.mibdyodbivimbqonkijbagbdqa
nirhpbGabja.udbyibqoh;bu.dbyibyojbuiigbobca.lnibasbxiomhbonmiojxba.d
dyimibigrorijbfgbdyibgaunibco.hi,bxa.bkgaq,bogjbyiblmauounxbsindbdyi
giijbodbnohdbasbohhimdfgrbyfhbhins-mihlicdbfgbhazibqoxpbDyimisamibyi
qyockijbdyibanjbgfrrimbzimcfnihhnx,bqyfnibobufrbcmaqjbasbyfhblialni
qodcyijbyfz,bdy.gjimhdm.ck,bdfnnbhazibzog--Fbqohbdanjbdyibcyfis'h
hag--fgbjihlimodfagbodbyiomfgrbdyibanjbcyolbxinn,bzojibobdigdodfvib ou
qfdybobhliombodbdyibqyfdibzog--ogjbasbca.mhibfdbqigdbw.fdibiohxbuidqiig
dyibhya.njim-unojihpbDyigbdyibqyaniblal.nodfagbcniomijbfgdabdyibsamihd,
ielicdfgrbonnbkfgjhbasbconozfdfihbdabyollig,bqyfni,bagbdyibadyimbyogj,
dyibhdiozimbSmihnivigbcazzogjijbnisdbonhabfgbobuojblogfc,bfgbcyomribas
dyibigrfgiim,bFbuinfivipbOsdimqomjhbgauajxbhiizijbdabdma.unibz.cy
oua.dbSmihnivig'hbmizofgh,bdfnnbFbradba.dbogjbhdillijbfgdabyfhbhyaihpbF
ca.njg'dbnidbfdbmihd,bdya.ry;bu.dbqyigbogballamd.gfdxbassimijbodbnohdbda
ziidbzxblmijicihham,bdyibrmohhbrmaqfgrbdyma.rybyfhbmfuhbqohbdonnbiga.ry
dabyfjibyfhbuagihpbDyixbqimibonnbdyimipbDyibh.limgod.monbuifgrbyojbgad
uiigbda.cyijbosdimbyibsinnpbOgjbdyibvfnnoribqohbjihimdij,bdyiby.dhbrolij
unock,bmaddfgr,bonnbohkiqbqfdyfgbdyibsonnigbigcnah.mihpbObconozfdx
yojbcazibdabfd,bh.mibiga.rypbDyiblialnibyojbvogfhyijpbZojbdimmambyoj
hcoddimijbdyiz,bzig,bqazig,bogjbcyfnjmig,bdyma.rybdyibu.hy,bogjbdyixbyoj
givimbmid.mgijpbQyodbuicozibasbdyibyighbFbjag'dbkgaqbifdyimpbFbhya.nj
dyfgkbdyibco.hibasblmarmihhbradbdyiz,bogxyaqpbYaqivim,bdyma.rybdyfh
rnamfa.hbossofmbFbradbzxbollafgdzigd,buisamibFbyojbsofmnxbuir.gbdabyali
sambfdp

“Fbsniqboma.gjbnfkibzojbdabridbmiojx,bogjbuisamibsamdx-ifrydbya.mhbF
qohbcmahhfgrbdyibCyogginbdabhyaqbzxhinsbdabzxbizlnaximh,bogjbhfrgbdyi
cagdmocdpbFgbobvimxbsiqbya.mhbFbommfvijbfgbobcfdxbdyodbonqoxhbzokihbzi
dyfgkbasbobqyfdijbhil.ncymipbLmi .jfcibgabja.udpbFbyojbgabjfssfc.ndxbfg
sfgjfgrbdyibCazlogx'hbassfcihpbFdbqohbdyibufrrihdbdyfgrbfgbdyibdaqg,
ogjbivimxuajxbFbzidbqohbs.nnbasbfdpbDyixbqimibrafgrbdabm.gbogbavim-hio
izlfmi,bogjbzokibgabigjbasbcafgbuxbdmojip

“Obgommaqbogjbjihimdijbhdmiidbfgbjiilbhyojaq,byfrybya.hih,bfgg.zimouni
qfgjaqhbqfdybvigidfogbunfgjh,bobjiojbhfnigci,brmohhbhlma.dfgrbmfrydbogj
nisd,bfzzighibja.unibjaamhbhdogjfgrblagjima.hnxbo ompbFbhnfllijbdyma.ry
agibasbdyihibcmockh,bqigdb.lbobhqildbogjb.gromgfhyijbhdofmcohi,bohbomfj
ohbobjihimd,bogjbaligijbdyibsfmhdbjaambFbcozibdapbDqabqazig,bagibsodbogj
dyibadyimbhnfz,bhodbagbhdmoq-uaddazijbcyofmh,bkgfddfgrbunockbqaanpbDyi
hnfzbagibradb.lbogjbqonkijbhdmofrydbodbzi--hdfnnbkgfddfgrbqfdybjaqgcohd
ixih--ogjbagnxb .hdbohbFbuirogbdabdyfgkbasbriddfgrba.dbasbyimbqox,boh
xa.bqa.njbsambobhazgozu.nfhd,bhdaajbhdfnn,bogjbnaakijb.lpbYimbjmihhbqoh
ohblnofgbohbogb.zuminno-cavim,bogjbhyibd.mgijbma.gjbqfdya.dbobqamjbogj
lmicijijbzibfgdabobqofdfgr-maazpbFbrovibzxbgozi,bogjbnaakijboua.dpbJion
dounibfgbdyibzfjjni,blnofgbcyofmhbonnbma.gjbdyibqonnh,bagbagibigjbo
nomribhyfgfgrbzol,bzomkijbqfdybonnbdyibcana.mhbasbobmofguaqpbDyimibqohbo
vohdboza.gdbasbmij--raajbdabhiibodbogxbdfzi,buico.hibagibkgaqhbdyodbhazi
mionbqamkbfhbjagibfgbdyimi,bobji.cibasbobnadbasbun.i,bobnfddnibrmiig,
hziomhbasbamogri,bogj,bagbdyibIohdbCaohd,bobl.mlniblodcy,bdabhyaqbqyimi
dyib annxblfagiimhbasblmarmihhbjmfgkbdyib annxbnorim-uiimpbYaqivim,bF
qohg'dbrafgrbfgdabogxbasbdyihipbFbqohbrafgrbfgdabdyibxinnaqpbJiojbfg
dyibcigdmipbOgjbdyibmfvimbqohbdyimi--sohcfgodfgr--jiojnx--nfkibobhgokip
A.ry!bObjaambaligij,bobqyfdi-yofmijbhicmidomfonbyioj,bu.dbqiomfgrbo
cazlohhfagodibielmihhfag,bolliomij,bogjbobhkfggxbsamisfgrimbuickagijbzi
fgdabdyibhogcd.omxpbFdhbnfrydbqohbjfz,bogjbobyiovxbqmfdfgr-jihkbhw.oddij
fgbdyibzfjjnipbSmazbuiyfgjbdyodbhdm.cd.mibcoziba.dbogbfzlmihhfagbasbloni
ln.zlgihhbfgbobsmack-caodpbDyibrmiodbzogbyfzhinspbYibqohbsfvibsiid
hfe,bFbhya.njb .jri,bogjbyojbyfhbrmflbagbdyibyogjni-igjbasbivimbhabzogx
zfnnfaghpbYibhyaakbyogjh,bFbsogcx,bz.mz.mijbvor.inx,bqohbhodfhsfijbqfdy
zxbSmigcypb_UagbVaxori_p

“Fgboua.dbsamdx-sfvibhicagjhbFbsa.gjbzxhinsborofgbfgbdyibqofdfgr-maaz
qfdybdyibcazlohhfagodibhicmidomx,bqya,bs.nnbasbjihanodfagbogjbhxzlodyx,
zojibzibhfrgbhazibjac.zigdpbFbuinfivibFb.gjimdaakbozagrhdbadyimbdyfgrh
gadbdabjfhcnahibogxbdmojibhicmidhpbQinn,bFbozbgadbrafgrbdap

“Fbuirogbdabsiinbhnfrydnxb.giohxpbXa.bkgaqbFbozbgadb.hijbdabh.cy
cimizagfih,bogjbdyimibqohbhazidyfgrbazfga.hbfgbdyibodzahlyimipbFd
qohb .hdbohbdya.rybFbyojbuiigbnidbfgdabhazibcaghlfmocx--Fbjag'd
kgaq--hazidyfgrbgadbw.fdibmfryd;bogjbFbqohbrnojbdabridba.dpbFgbdyiba.dim
maazbdyibdqabqazigbkgfddijbunockbqaanbsivimfhynxpbLialnibqimibommfvfgr,
ogjbdyibxa.grimbagibqohbqonkfgrbuockbogjbsamdybfgdmaj.cfgrbdyizpbDyi
anjbagibhodbagbyimbcyofmpbYimbsnodbcnadybhnfllimhbqimiblmallijb.lbag
obsaad-qomzim,bogjbobcodbmilahijbagbyimbnolpbHyibqamibobhdomcyij
qyfdibossofmbagbyimbyioj,byojbobqomdbagbagibcyiik,bogjbhfnvim-mfzzij
hlicdocnihby.grbagbdyibdflbasbyimbgahipbHyibrnogcijbodbzibouavibdyi
rnohhihpbDyibhqfsdbogjbfgjfssimigdblnocfjfdxbasbdyodbnaakbdma.unijbzip
Dqabxa.dyhbqfdybsaanfhybogjbcyiimxbca.gdigogcihbqimibuifgrblfnadijbavim,
ogjbhyibdymiqbodbdyizbdyibhozibw.fckbrnogcibasb.gcagcimgijbqfhjazpbHyi
hiizijbdabkgaqbonnboua.dbdyizbogjboua.dbzi,bdaapbOgbiimfibsiinfgrbcozi
avimbzipbHyibhiizijb.gcoggxbogjbsodis.npbAsdigbsomboqoxbdyimibFbdya.ryd
asbdyihibdqa,br.omjfgrbdyibjaambasbJomkgihh,bkgfddfgrbunockbqaanbohbsam
obqomzblonn,bagibfgdmaj.cfgr,bfgdmaj.cfgrbcagdfg.a.hnxbdabdyib.gkgaqg,
dyibadyimbhcm.dfgftfgrbdyibcyiimxbogjbsaanfhybsocihbqfdyb.gcagcimgijbanj
ixihpb_Ovi!_bAnjbkgfddimbasbunockbqaanpb_Zamfd.mfbdibhon.dogd_pbGad
zogxbasbdyahibhyibnaakijbodbivimbhoqbyimborofg--gadbyons,buxbobnagrbqoxp

“Dyimibqohbxidbobvfhfdbdabdyibjacdampb'Obhfzlnibsamzonfdx,'bohh.mijbzi
dyibhicmidomx,bqfdybogbofmbasbdokfgrbogbfzzighiblomdbfgbonnbzxbhammaqhp
Occamjfgrnxbobxa.grbcyolbqiomfgrbyfhbyodbavimbdyibnisdbixiumaq,bhazi
cnimkbFbh.llahi--dyimibz.hdbyovibuiigbcnimkhbfgbdyibu.hfgihh,bdya.ry
dyibya.hibqohbohbhdfnnbohbobya.hibfgbobcfdxbasbdyibjioj--cozibsmaz
haziqyimib.l-hdofmh,bogjbnijbzibsamdypbYibqohbhyouuxbogjbcominihh,bqfdy
fgkhdofghbagbdyibhniivihbasbyfhb ockid,bogjbyfhbcmovodbqohbnomribogj
ufnnaqx,b.gjimbobcyfgbhyolijbnfkibdyibdaibasbogbanjbuaadpbFdbqohbo
nfddnibdaabiomnxbsambdyibjacdam,bhabFblmalahijbobjmfgk,bogjbdyimi.lagbyi
jivinalijbobvifgbasb avfonfdxpbOhbqibhodbavimba.mbvimza.dyhbyibrnamfsfij
dyibCazlogx'hbu.hfgihh,bogjbuxbogjbuxbFbielmihhijbcoh.onnxbzxbh.mlmfhi
odbyfzbgadbrafgrba.dbdyimipbYibuicozibvimxbcaanbogjbcannicdijbonnbod
agcipb'Fbozbgadbh.cybobsaanbohbFbnaak,bw.adybLnodabdabyfhbjfhcflnih,'
yibhofjbhigdigdfa.hnx,bizldfijbyfhbrnohhbqfdybrmiodbmihan.dfag,bogjbqi
mahip

“Dyibanjbjacdambsindbzxbl.nhi,bivfjigdnxbdyfgkfgrbasbhazidyfgrbinhi
dyibqyfnipb'Raaj,braajbsambdyimi,'byibz.zunij,bogjbdyigbqfdybobcimdofg
iorimgihhbohkijbzibqyidyimbFbqa.njbnidbyfzbzioh.mibzxbyiojpbModyim
h.mlmfhij,bFbhofjbXih,bqyigbyiblmaj.cijbobdyfgrbnfkibconflimhbogjbrad
dyibjfzighfaghbuockbogjbsmagdbogjbivimxbqox,bdokfgrbgadihbcomis.nnxpbYi
qohbogb.ghyovigbnfddnibzogbfgbobdymiojuomibcaodbnfkibobrouimjfgi,bqfdy
yfhbsiidbfgbhnfllimh,bogjbFbdya.rydbyfzbobyomznihhbsaanpb'Fbonqoxhbohk
niovi,bfgbdyibfgdimihdhbasbhcfigci,bdabzioh.mibdyibcmogfobasbdyahibrafgr
a.dbdyimi,'byibhofjpb'Ogjbqyigbdyixbcazibuock,bdaa?'bFbohkijpb'Ay,bF
givimbhiibdyiz,'byibmizomkij;b'ogj,bzamiavim,bdyibcyogrihbdokiblnoci
fghfji,bxa.bkgaqp'bYibhzfnij,bohbfsbodbhazibw.fidb akipb'Habxa.bomi
rafgrba.dbdyimipbSoza.hpbFgdimihdfgr,bdaap'bYibrovibzibobhiomcyfgr
rnogci,bogjbzojibogadyimbgadipb'Ivimbogxbzojgihhbfgbxa.mbsozfnx?'byi
ohkij,bfgbobzoddim-as-socdbdagipbFbsindbvimxboggaxijpb'Fhbdyodbw.ihdfag
fgbdyibfgdimihdhbasbhcfigci,bdaa?'b'Fdbqa.njbui,'byibhofj,bqfdya.d
dokfgrbgadfcibasbzxbfmmfdodfag,b'fgdimihdfgrbsambhcfigcibdabqodcybdyi
zigdonbcyogrihbasbfgjfvfj.onh,bagbdyibhlad,bu.dppp'b'Omibxa.bog
onfigfhd?'bFbfgdimm.ldijpb'Ivimxbjacdambhya.njbui--obnfddni,'boghqimij
dyodbamfrfgon,bfzlimd.muounxpb'Fbyovibobnfddnibdyiamxbqyfcybxa.
zihhfi.mhbqyabraba.dbdyimibz.hdbyinlbzibdablmavipbDyfhbfhbzxbhyomi
fgbdyibojvogdorihbzxbca.gdmxbhyonnbmiolbsmazbdyiblahhihhfagbasbh.cybo
zorgfsfcigdbjiligjigcxpbDyibzimibqiondybFbniovibdabadyimhpbLomjagbzx
w.ihdfagh,bu.dbxa.bomibdyibsfmhdbIgrnfhyzogbcazfgrb.gjimbzx
auhimvodfagppp'bFbyohdigijbdabohh.mibyfzbFbqohbgadbfgbdyibniohdbdxlfconp
'FsbFbqimi,'bhofjbF,b'Fbqa.njg'dbuibdonkfgrbnfkibdyfhbqfdybxa.p'b'Qyod
xa.bhoxbfhbmodyimblmasa.gj,bogjblmauounxbimmagia.h,'byibhofj,bqfdybo
no.rypb'Ovafjbfmmfdodfagbzamibdyogbielah.mibdabdyibh.gpb_Ojfi._pbYaqbja
xa.bIgrnfhybhox,biy?bRaaj-uxipbOy!bRaaj-uxipb_Ojfi._pbFgbdyibdmalfchbagi
z.hdbuisamibivimxdyfgrbkiilbconzp'pppbYibnfsdijbobqomgfgrbsamisfgrimpppp
'_J.bconzi,bj.bconzi_p'

“Agibdyfgrbzamibmizofgijbdabja--hoxbraaj-uxibdabzxbiecinnigdbo.gdpbF
sa.gjbyimbdmf.zlyogdpbFbyojbobc.lbasbdio--dyibnohdbjicigdbc.lbasbdiobsam
zogxbjoxh--ogjbfgbobmaazbdyodbzahdbhaadyfgrnxbnaakijb .hdbohbxa.bqa.nj
ielicdbobnojx'hbjmoqfgr-maazbdabnaak,bqibyojbobnagrbw.fidbcyodbuxbdyi
sfmihfjipbFgbdyibca.mhibasbdyihibcagsfjigcihbfdbuicozibw.fdiblnofgbdabzi
Fbyojbuiigbmilmihigdijbdabdyibqfsibasbdyibyfrybjfrgfdomx,bogjbraajgihh
kgaqhbdabyaqbzogxbzamiblialnibuihfjih,bohbogbiecildfagonbogjbrfsdij
cmiod.mi--oblficibasbraajbsamd.gibsambdyibCazlogx--obzogbxa.bjag'dbrid
yanjbasbivimxbjoxpbRaajbyiovigh!bogjbFbqohbrafgrbdabdokibcyomribasbo
dqa-liggx-yons-liggxbmfvim-hdiozuaodbqfdybobliggxbqyfhdniboddocyij!bFd
olliomij,byaqivim,bFbqohbonhabagibasbdyibQamkimh,bqfdybobcolfdon--xa.
kgaqpbHazidyfgrbnfkibogbizfhhomxbasbnfryd,bhazidyfgrbnfkibobnaqimbhamd
asbolahdnipbDyimibyojbuiigbobnadbasbh.cybmadbnidbnaahibfgblmfgdbogjbdonk
 .hdboua.dbdyodbdfzi,bogjbdyibiecinnigdbqazog,bnfvfgrbmfrydbfgbdyibm.hy
asbonnbdyodby.zu.r,bradbcommfijbassbyimbsiidpbHyibdonkijboua.db'qiogfgr
dyahibfrgamogdbzfnnfaghbsmazbdyifmbyammfjbqoxh,'bdfnn,b.lagbzxbqamj,bhyi
zojibzibw.fdib.gcazsamdounipbFbvigd.mijbdabyfgdbdyodbdyibCazlogxbqohbm.g
samblmasfdp

“'Xa.bsamrid,bjiombCyomnfi,bdyodbdyibnoua.mimbfhbqamdyxbasbyfhbyfmi,'
hyibhofj,bumfrydnxpbFd'hbw.iimbyaqba.dbasbda.cybqfdybdm.dybqazigbomip
Dyixbnfvibfgbobqamnjbasbdyifmbaqg,bogjbdyimibyohbgivimbuiigbogxdyfgr
nfkibfd,bogjbgivimbcogbuipbFdbfhbdaabuio.dfs.nbondaridyim,bogjbfsbdyix
qimibdabhidbfdb.lbfdbqa.njbrabdablficihbuisamibdyibsfmhdbh.ghidpbHazi
cagsa.gjijbsocdbqibzigbyovibuiigbnfvfgrbcagdigdijnxbqfdybivimbhfgcibdyi
joxbasbcmiodfagbqa.njbhdomdb.lbogjbkgackbdyibqyanibdyfgrbavimp

“OsdimbdyfhbFbradbizumocij,bdanjbdabqiombsnoggin,buibh.mibdabqmfdi
asdig,bogjbhabag--ogjbFbnisdpbFgbdyibhdmiid--Fbjag'dbkgaqbqyx--obw.iim
siinfgrbcozibdabzibdyodbFbqohbogbfzlahdimpbAjjbdyfgrbdyodbF,bqyab.hijbda
cniomba.dbsambogxblomdbasbdyibqamnjbodbdqigdx-sa.mbya.mh'bgadfci,bqfdy
nihhbdya.rydbdyogbzahdbzigbrfvibdabdyibcmahhfgrbasbobhdmiid,byojbo
zazigd--Fbqag'dbhoxbasbyihfdodfag,bu.dbasbhdomdnijblo.hi,buisamibdyfh
cazzaglnocibossofmpbDyibuihdbqoxbFbcogbielnofgbfdbdabxa.bfhbuxbhoxfgr
dyod,bsambobhicagjbambdqa,bFbsindbohbdya.ry,bfghdiojbasbrafgrbdabdyi
cigdmibasbobcagdfgigd,bFbqimiboua.dbdabhidbassbsambdyibcigdmibasbdyi
iomdyp

“FbnisdbfgbobSmigcybhdiozim,bogjbhyibconnijbfgbivimxbunozijblamdbdyix
yoviba.dbdyimi,bsam,bohbsombohbFbca.njbhii,bdyibhanibl.mlahibasbnogjfgr
hanjfimhbogjbc.hdaz-ya.hibassfcimhpbFbqodcyijbdyibcaohdpbQodcyfgrbo
caohdbohbfdbhnflhbuxbdyibhyflbfhbnfkibdyfgkfgrboua.dbogbigfrzopbDyimi
fdbfhbuisamibxa.--hzfnfgr,bsmaqgfgr,bfgvfdfgr,brmogj,bziog,bfghflfj,bam
hovori,bogjbonqoxhbz.dibqfdybogbofmbasbqyfhlimfgr,b'Cazibogjbsfgjba.dp'
Dyfhbagibqohbonzahdbsiod.minihh,bohbfsbhdfnnbfgbdyibzokfgr,bqfdy
ogbohlicdbasbzagadaga.hbrmfzgihhpbDyibijribasbobcanahhonb .grni,bha
jomk-rmiigbohbdabuibonzahdbunock,bsmfgrijbqfdybqyfdibh.ms,bmogbhdmofryd,
nfkibobm.nijbnfgi,bsom,bsomboqoxbonagrbobun.ibhiobqyahibrnfddimbqoh
un.mmijbuxbobcmiilfgrbzfhdpbDyibh.gbqohbsfimci,bdyibnogjbhiizijbda
rnfhdigbogjbjmflbqfdybhdiozpbYimibogjbdyimibrmixfhy-qyfdfhybhlickh
hyaqijb.lbcn.hdimijbfghfjibdyibqyfdibh.ms,bqfdybobsnorbsnxfgrbouavi
dyizblimyolhpbHiddnizigdhbhazibcigd.mfihbanj,bogjbhdfnnbgabufrrimbdyog
lfgyiojhbagbdyib.gda.cyijbieloghibasbdyifmbuockrma.gjpbQibla.gjijbonagr,
hdallij,bnogjijbhanjfimh;bqigdbag,bnogjijbc.hdaz-ya.hibcnimkhbdabnivx
dannbfgbqyodbnaakijbnfkibobRaj-samhokigbqfnjimgihh,bqfdybobdfgbhyij
ogjbobsnor-lanibnahdbfgbfd;bnogjijbzamibhanjfimh--dabdokibcomibasbdyi
c.hdaz-ya.hibcnimkh,blmih.zounxpbHazi,bFbyiomj,bradbjmaqgijbfgbdyibh.ms;
u.dbqyidyimbdyixbjfjbambgad,bgauajxbhiizijblomdfc.nomnxbdabcomipbDyix
qimib .hdbsn.grba.dbdyimi,bogjbagbqibqigdpbIvimxbjoxbdyibcaohd
naakijbdyibhozi,bohbdya.rybqibyojbgadbzavij;bu.dbqiblohhijbvomfa.h
lnocih--dmojfgrblnocih--qfdybgozihbnfkibRmog'bUohhoz,bNfddnibLala;bgozih
dyodbhiizijbdabuinagrbdabhazibhamjfjbsomcibocdijbfgbsmagdbasbobhfgfhdim
uock-cnadypbDyibfjnigihhbasboblohhigrim,bzxbfhanodfagbozagrhdbonnbdyihi
zigbqfdybqyazbFbyojbgablafgdbasbcagdocd,bdyibafnxbogjbnogr.fjbhio,bdyi
.gfsamzbhazumigihhbasbdyibcaohd,bhiizijbdabkiilbziboqoxbsmazbdyibdm.dy
asbdyfgrh,bqfdyfgbdyibdafnbasbobza.mgs.nbogjbhighinihhbjin.hfagpbDyi
vafcibasbdyibh.msbyiomjbgaqbogjbdyigbqohboblahfdfviblnioh.mi,bnfkibdyi
hliicybasbobumadyimpbFdbqohbhazidyfgrbgod.mon,bdyodbyojbfdhbmiohag,bdyod
yojbobziogfgrpbGaqbogjbdyigbobuaodbsmazbdyibhyamibrovibagibobzazigdomx
cagdocdbqfdybmionfdxpbFdbqohblojjnijbuxbunockbsinnaqhpbXa.bca.njbhii
smazbosombdyibqyfdibasbdyifmbixiuonnhbrnfhdigfgrpbDyixbhya.dij,bhogr;
dyifmbuajfihbhdmiozijbqfdyblimhlfmodfag;bdyixbyojbsocihbnfkibrmadihw.i
zohkh--dyihibcyolh;bu.dbdyixbyojbuagi,bz.hcni,bobqfnjbvfdonfdx,bog
fgdighibigimrxbasbzavizigd,bdyodbqohbohbgod.monbogjbdm.ibohbdyibh.ms
onagrbdyifmbcaohdpbDyixbqogdijbgabiec.hibsambuifgrbdyimipbDyixbqimibo
rmiodbcazsamdbdabnaakbodpbSambobdfzibFbqa.njbsiinbFbuinagrijbhdfnnbda
obqamnjbasbhdmofrydsamqomjbsocdh;bu.dbdyibsiinfgrbqa.njbgadbnohdbnagrp
Hazidyfgrbqa.njbd.mgb.lbdabhcomibfdboqoxpbAgci,bFbmizizuim,bqibcozib.lag
obzog-as-qombogcyamijbassbdyibcaohdpbDyimibqohg'dbivigbobhyijbdyimi,bogj
hyibqohbhyinnfgrbdyibu.hypbFdbolliomhbdyibSmigcybyojbagibasbdyifmbqomh
rafgrbagbdyimioua.dhpbYimbighfrgbjmallijbnfzlbnfkibobmor;bdyibz.ttnih
asbdyibnagrbhfe-fgcybr.ghbhd.ckba.dbonnbavimbdyibnaqby.nn;bdyibrmiohx,
hnfzxbhqinnbhq.grbyimb.lbnotfnxbogjbnidbyimbjaqg,bhqoxfgrbyimbdyfg
zohdhpbFgbdyibizldxbfzzighfdxbasbiomdy,bhkx,bogjbqodim,bdyimibhyibqoh,
fgcazlmiyighfuni,bsfmfgrbfgdabobcagdfgigdpbLal,bqa.njbrabagibasbdyi
hfe-fgcybr.gh;bobhzonnbsnozibqa.njbjomdbogjbvogfhy,bobnfddnibqyfdibhzaki
qa.njbjfholliom,bobdfgxblma icdfnibqa.njbrfvibobsiiunibhcmiicy--ogj
gadyfgrbyolligijpbGadyfgrbca.njbyolligpbDyimibqohbobda.cybasbfghogfdxbfg
dyiblmaciijfgr,bobhighibasbn.r.umfa.hbjmannimxbfgbdyibhfryd;bogjbfdbqoh
gadbjfhhflodijbuxbhaziuajxbagbuaomjbohh.mfgrbzibiomgihdnxbdyimibqoh
obcozlbasbgodfvih--yibconnijbdyizbigizfih!--yfjjigba.dbasbhfryd
haziqyimip

“Qibrovibyimbyimbniddimhb(Fbyiomjbdyibzigbfgbdyodbnaginxbhyflbqimibjxfgr
asbsivimbodbdyibmodibasbdymiibobjox)bogjbqigdbagpbQibconnijbodbhazibzami
lnocihbqfdybsomcfconbgozih,bqyimibdyibzimmxbjogcibasbjiodybogjbdmoji
raihbagbfgbobhdfnnbogjbiomdyxbodzahlyimibohbasbogbavimyiodijbcodocazu;
onnbonagrbdyibsamznihhbcaohdbuamjimijbuxbjogrima.hbh.ms,bohbfsbGod.mi
yimhinsbyojbdmfijbdabqomjbassbfgdm.jimh;bfgbogjba.dbasbmfvimh,bhdmiozh
asbjiodybfgbnfsi,bqyahibuogkhbqimibmaddfgrbfgdabz.j,bqyahibqodimh,
dyfckigijbfgdabhnfzi,bfgvojijbdyibcagdamdijbzogrmavih,bdyodbhiizijbda
qmfdyibodb.hbfgbdyibiedmizfdxbasbogbfzladigdbjihlofmpbGaqyimibjfjbqi
hdalbnagrbiga.rybdabridboblomdfc.nomftijbfzlmihhfag,bu.dbdyibrigimon
highibasbvor.ibogjballmihhfvibqagjimbrmiqb.lagbzipbFdbqohbnfkibobqiomx
lfnrmfzoribozagrhdbyfgdhbsambgfrydzomihp

“Fdbqohb.lqomjbasbdyfmdxbjoxhbuisamibFbhoqbdyibza.dybasbdyibufrbmfvimp
QibogcyamijbassbdyibhiodbasbdyibravimgzigdpbU.dbzxbqamkbqa.njbgadbuirfg
dfnnbhazibdqaby.gjmijbzfnihbsomdyimbagpbHabohbhaagbohbFbca.njbFbzojibo
hdomdbsamboblnocibdyfmdxbzfnihbyfryimb.lp

“Fbyojbzxblohhoribagbobnfddnibhio-rafgrbhdiozimpbYimbcoldofgbqohbo
Hqiji,bogjbkgaqfgrbzibsambobhiozog,bfgvfdijbzibagbdyibumfjripbYibqohbo
xa.grbzog,bniog,bsofm,bogjbzamahi,bqfdybnogkxbyofmbogjbobhy.ssnfgrbrofdp
Ohbqibnisdbdyibzfhimounibnfddnibqyoms,byibdahhijbyfhbyiojbcagdizld.a.hnx
odbdyibhyamipb'Uiigbnfvfgrbdyimi?'byibohkijpbFbhofj,b'Xihp'b'Sfgibnad
dyihibravimgzigdbcyolh--omibdyixbgad?'byibqigdbag,bhliokfgrbIgrnfhy
qfdybrmiodblmicfhfagbogjbcaghfjimounibufddimgihhpb'Fdbfhbs.ggxbqyodbhazi
lialnibqfnnbjabsambobsiqbsmogchbobzagdypbFbqagjimbqyodbuicazihbasbdyod
kfgjbqyigbfdbraihb.lca.gdmx?'bFbhofjbdabyfzbFbielicdijbdabhiibdyod
haagpb'Ha-a-a!'byibiecnofzijpbYibhy.ssnijbodyqomd,bkiilfgrbagibixiboyioj
vfrfnogdnxpb'Jag'dbuibdaabh.mi,'byibcagdfg.ijpb'DyibadyimbjoxbFbdaak
.lbobzogbqyabyogrijbyfzhinsbagbdyibmaojpbYibqohbobHqiji,bdaap'
'Yogrijbyfzhins!bQyx,bfgbRaj'hbgozi?'bFbcmfijpbYibkildbagbnaakfgr
a.dbqodcys.nnxpb'Qyabkgaqh?bDyibh.gbdaabz.cybsambyfz,bambdyibca.gdmx
limyolhp'

“OdbnohdbqibaligijbobmiocypbObmackxbcnfssbolliomij,bza.gjhbasbd.mgij-.l
iomdybuxbdyibhyami,bya.hihbagbobyfnn,badyimhbqfdybfmagbmaash,bozagrhdbo
qohdibasbiecovodfagh,bambyogrfgrbdabdyibjicnfvfdxpbObcagdfg.a.hbgafhibas
dyibmolfjhbouavibyavimijbavimbdyfhbhcigibasbfgyoufdijbjivohdodfagpbO
nadbasblialni,bzahdnxbunockbogjbgokij,bzavijboua.dbnfkibogdhpbOb iddx
lma icdijbfgdabdyibmfvimpbObunfgjfgrbh.gnfrydbjmaqgijbonnbdyfhbodbdfzih
fgbobh.jjigbmicm.jihcigcibasbrnomipb'Dyimi'hbxa.mbCazlogx'hbhdodfag,'
hofjbdyibHqiji,blafgdfgrbdabdymiibqaajigbuommock-nfkibhdm.cd.mihbagbdyi
mackxbhnalipb'Fbqfnnbhigjbxa.mbdyfgrhb.lpbSa.mbuaeihbjfjbxa.bhox?bHap
Somiqinnp'

“Fbcozib.lagbobuafnimbqonnaqfgrbfgbdyibrmohh,bdyigbsa.gjboblody
niojfgrb.lbdyibyfnnpbFdbd.mgijbohfjibsambdyibua.njimh,bogjbonhabsambog
.gjimhftijbmofnqox-dm.ckbnxfgrbdyimibagbfdhbuockbqfdybfdhbqyiinhbfg
dyibofmpbAgibqohbasspbDyibdyfgrbnaakijbohbjiojbohbdyibcomcohhbasbhazi
ogfzonpbFbcozib.lagbzamiblficihbasbjicoxfgrbzocyfgimx,bobhdockbasbm.hdx
mofnhpbDabdyibnisdbobcn.zlbasbdmiihbzojibobhyojxbhlad,bqyimibjomkbdyfgrh
hiizijbdabhdfmbsiiunxpbFbunfgkij,bdyiblodybqohbhdiilpbObyamgbdaadijbda
dyibmfryd,bogjbFbhoqbdyibunockblialnibm.gpbObyiovxbogjbj.nnbjidagodfag
hyaakbdyibrma.gj,bobl.ssbasbhzakibcoziba.dbasbdyibcnfss,bogjbdyodbqoh
onnpbGabcyogribolliomijbagbdyibsocibasbdyibmackpbDyixbqimibu.fnjfgrbo
mofnqoxpbDyibcnfssbqohbgadbfgbdyibqoxbambogxdyfgr;bu.dbdyfhbau icdnihh
unohdfgrbqohbonnbdyibqamkbrafgrbagp

“Obhnfrydbcnfgkfgrbuiyfgjbzibzojibzibd.mgbzxbyiojpbHfebunockbzig
ojvogcijbfgbobsfni,bdafnfgrb.lbdyiblodypbDyixbqonkijbimicdbogjbhnaq,
uonogcfgrbhzonnbuohkidhbs.nnbasbiomdybagbdyifmbyiojh,bogjbdyibcnfgkbkild
dfzibqfdybdyifmbsaadhdilhpbUnockbmorhbqimibqa.gjbma.gjbdyifmbnafgh,bogj
dyibhyamdbigjhbuiyfgjbqorrnijbdabogjbsmabnfkibdofnhpbFbca.njbhiibivimx
mfu,bdyib afgdhbasbdyifmbnfzuhbqimibnfkibkgadhbfgbobmali;biocybyojbog
fmagbcannombagbyfhbgick,bogjbonnbqimibcaggicdijbdaridyimbqfdybobcyofg
qyahibufrydhbhq.grbuidqiigbdyiz,bmyxdyzfconnxbcnfgkfgrpbOgadyimbmilamd
smazbdyibcnfssbzojibzibdyfgkbh.jjignxbasbdyodbhyflbasbqombFbyojbhiig
sfmfgrbfgdabobcagdfgigdpbFdbqohbdyibhozibkfgjbasbazfga.hbvafci;bu.d
dyihibzigbca.njbuxbgabhdmidcybasbfzorfgodfagbuibconnijbigizfihpbDyix
qimibconnijbcmfzfgonh,bogjbdyiba.dmorijbnoq,bnfkibdyibu.mhdfgrbhyinnh,
yojbcazibdabdyiz,bogbfghan.unibzxhdimxbsmazbdyibhiopbOnnbdyifmbziormi
umiohdhblogdijbdaridyim,bdyibvfanigdnxbjfnodijbgahdmfnhbw.fvimij,bdyi
ixihbhdomijbhdagfnxb.lyfnnpbDyixblohhijbzibqfdyfgbhfebfgcyih,bqfdya.dbo
rnogci,bqfdybdyodbcazlnidi,bjiodynfkibfgjfssimigcibasb.gyollxbhovorihp
Uiyfgjbdyfhbmoqbzoddimbagibasbdyibmicnofzij,bdyiblmaj.cdbasbdyibgiq
samcihbodbqamk,bhdmannijbjihlagjigdnx,bcommxfgrbobmfsnibuxbfdhbzfjjnip
Yibyojbob.gfsamzb ockidbqfdybagibu.ddagbass,bogjbhiifgrbobqyfdibzogbag
dyiblody,byafhdijbyfhbqiolagbdabyfhbhya.njimbqfdybonocmfdxpbDyfhbqoh
hfzlniblm.jigci,bqyfdibzigbuifgrbhabz.cybonfkibodbobjfhdogcibdyodbyi
ca.njbgadbdinnbqyabFbzfrydbuipbYibqohbhliijfnxbmiohh.mij,bogjbqfdybo
nomri,bqyfdi,bmohconnxbrmfg,bogjbobrnogcibodbyfhbcyomri,bhiizijbdabdoki
zibfgdablomdgimhyflbfgbyfhbieondijbdm.hdpbOsdimbonn,bFbonhabqohboblomd
asbdyibrmiodbco.hibasbdyihibyfrybogjb .hdblmaciijfgrhp

“Fghdiojbasbrafgrb.l,bFbd.mgijbogjbjihcigjijbdabdyibnisdpbZxbfjiobqohbda
nidbdyodbcyofg-rogrbridba.dbasbhfrydbuisamibFbcnfzuijbdyibyfnnpbXa.bkgaq
Fbozbgadblomdfc.nomnxbdigjim;bF'vibyojbdabhdmfkibogjbdabsigjbassp
F'vibyojbdabmihfhdbogjbdaboddockbhazidfzih--dyod'hbagnxbagibqoxbas
mihfhdfgr--qfdya.dbca.gdfgrbdyibieocdbcahd,boccamjfgrbdabdyibjizogjh
asbh.cybhamdbasbnfsibohbFbyojbun.gjimijbfgdapbF'vibhiigbdyibjivfnbas
vfanigci,bogjbdyibjivfnbasbrmiij,bogjbdyibjivfnbasbyadbjihfmi;bu.d,bux
onnbdyibhdomh!bdyihibqimibhdmagr,bn.hdx,bmij-ixijbjivfnh,bdyodbhqoxij
ogjbjmavibzig--zig,bFbdinnbxa.pbU.dbohbFbhdaajbagbdyfhbyfnnhfji,bF
samihoqbdyodbfgbdyibunfgjfgrbh.ghyfgibasbdyodbnogjbFbqa.njbuicazi
ocw.ofgdijbqfdybobsnouux,blmidigjfgr,bqiok-ixijbjivfnbasbobmolocfa.hbogj
lfdfnihhbsannxpbYaqbfghfjfa.hbyibca.njbui,bdaa,bFbqohbagnxbdabsfgjba.d
hivimonbzagdyhbnodimbogjbobdya.hogjbzfnihbsomdyimpbSambobzazigdbF
hdaajbollonnij,bohbdya.rybuxbobqomgfgrpbSfgonnxbFbjihcigjijbdyibyfnn,
aunfw.inx,bdaqomjhbdyibdmiihbFbyojbhiigp

“Fbovafjijbobvohdbomdfsfcfonbyanibhaziuajxbyojbuiigbjfrrfgrbagbdyi
hnali,bdyibl.mlahibasbqyfcybFbsa.gjbfdbfzlahhfunibdabjfvfgipbFdbqohg'd
obw.ommxbambobhogjlfd,bogxyaqpbFdbqohb .hdbobyanipbFdbzfrydbyovi
uiigbcaggicdijbqfdybdyiblyfnogdymalfcbjihfmibasbrfvfgrbdyibcmfzfgonh
hazidyfgrbdabjapbFbjag'dbkgaqpbDyigbFbgiomnxbsinnbfgdabobvimxbgommaq
movfgi,bonzahdbgabzamibdyogbobhcombfgbdyibyfnnhfjipbFbjfhcavimijbdyod
obnadbasbfzlamdijbjmofgori-lflihbsambdyibhiddnizigdbyojbuiigbd.zunijbfg
dyimipbDyimibqohg'dbagibdyodbqohbgadbumakigpbFdbqohbobqogdagbhzohy-.lp
OdbnohdbFbradb.gjimbdyibdmiihpbZxbl.mlahibqohbdabhdmannbfgdabdyibhyoji
sambobzazigd;bu.dbgabhaagimbqfdyfgbdyogbfdbhiizijbdabzibFbyojbhdillij
fgdabdyibrnaazxbcfmcnibasbhazibFgsimgapbDyibmolfjhbqimibgiom,bogjbog
.gfgdimm.ldij,b.gfsamz,byiojnagr,bm.hyfgrbgafhibsfnnijbdyibza.mgs.n
hdfnngihhbasbdyibrmavi,bqyimibgadbobumiodybhdfmmij,bgadbobniosbzavij,
qfdybobzxhdimfa.hbha.gj--ohbdya.rybdyibdiomfgrblocibasbdyibno.gcyij
iomdybyojbh.jjignxbuicazibo.jfunip

“Unockbhyolihbcma.cyij,bnox,bhodbuidqiigbdyibdmiihbniogfgrborofghdbdyi
dm.gkh,bcnfgrfgrbdabdyibiomdy,byonsbcazfgrba.d,byonsbissocijbqfdyfg
dyibjfzbnfryd,bfgbonnbdyiboddfd.jihbasblofg,bouogjagzigd,bogjbjihlofmp
Ogadyimbzfgibagbdyibcnfssbqigdbass,bsannaqijbuxbobhnfrydbhy.jjimbasbdyi
hafnb.gjimbzxbsiidpbDyibqamkbqohbrafgrbagpbDyibqamk!bOgjbdyfhbqohbdyi
lnocibqyimibhazibasbdyibyinlimhbyojbqfdyjmoqgbdabjfip

“Dyixbqimibjxfgrbhnaqnx--fdbqohbvimxbcniompbDyixbqimibgadbigizfih,bdyix
qimibgadbcmfzfgonh,bdyixbqimibgadyfgrbiomdynxbgaq--gadyfgrbu.dbunock
hyojaqhbasbjfhiohibogjbhdomvodfag,bnxfgrbcags.hijnxbfgbdyibrmiigfhy
rnaazpbUma.rydbsmazbonnbdyibmicihhihbasbdyibcaohdbfgbonnbdyibnironfdx
asbdfzibcagdmocdh,bnahdbfgb.gcagrigfonbh.mma.gjfgrh,bsijbagb.gsozfnfom
saaj,bdyixbhfckigij,buicozibfgissfcfigd,bogjbqimibdyigbonnaqijbdabcmoqn
oqoxbogjbmihdpbDyihibzamfu.gjbhyolihbqimibsmiibohbofm--ogjbgiomnxboh
dyfgpbFbuirogbdabjfhdfgr.fhybdyibrniozbasbdyibixihb.gjimbdyibdmiihp
Dyig,brnogcfgrbjaqg,bFbhoqbobsocibgiombzxbyogjpbDyibunockbuagihbmicnfgij
odbs.nnbnigrdybqfdybagibhya.njimborofghdbdyibdmii,bogjbhnaqnxbdyi
ixinfjhbmahibogjbdyibh.gkigbixihbnaakijb.lbodbzi,bigamza.hbogjbvocogd,
obkfgjbasbunfgj,bqyfdibsnfckimbfgbdyibjildyhbasbdyibamuh,bqyfcybjfijba.d
hnaqnxpbDyibzogbhiizijbxa.gr--onzahdbobuax--u.dbxa.bkgaqbqfdybdyizbfd'h
yomjbdabdinnpbFbsa.gjbgadyfgrbinhibdabjabu.dbdabassimbyfzbagibasbzxbraaj
Hqiji'hbhyfl'hbufhc.fdhbFbyojbfgbzxblackidpbDyibsfgrimhbcnahijbhnaqnx
agbfdbogjbyinj--dyimibqohbgabadyimbzavizigdbogjbgabadyimbrnogcipbYibyoj
dfijbobufdbasbqyfdibqamhdijbma.gjbyfhbgick--Qyx?bQyimibjfjbyibridbfd?
Qohbfdbobuojri--ogbamgozigd--obcyomz--oblmalfdfodamxbocd?bQohbdyimibogx
fjiobodbonnbcaggicdijbqfdybfd?bFdbnaakijbhdomdnfgrbma.gjbyfhbunockbgick,
dyfhbufdbasbqyfdibdymiojbsmazbuixagjbdyibhiohp

“Giombdyibhozibdmiibdqabzamibu.gjnihbasboc.dibogrnihbhodbqfdybdyifmbnirh
jmoqgb.lpbAgi,bqfdybyfhbcyfgblmallijbagbyfhbkgiih,bhdomijbodbgadyfgr,
fgbogbfgdanimounibogjbollonnfgrbzoggim:byfhbumadyimblyogdazbmihdijbfdh
samiyioj,bohbfsbavimcazibqfdybobrmiodbqiomfgihh;bogjbonnboua.dbadyimh
qimibhcoddimijbfgbivimxblahibasbcagdamdijbcannolhi,bohbfgbhaziblfcd.mi
asbobzohhocmibamboblihdfnigcipbQyfnibFbhdaajbyammam-hdm.ck,bagibasbdyihi
cmiod.mihbmahibdabyfhbyogjhbogjbkgiih,bogjbqigdbassbagbonn-sa.mhbdaqomjh
dyibmfvimbdabjmfgkpbYibnollijba.dbasbyfhbyogj,bdyigbhodb.lbfgbdyi
h.gnfryd,bcmahhfgrbyfhbhyfghbfgbsmagdbasbyfz,bogjbosdimbobdfzibnidbyfh
qaannxbyiojbsonnbagbyfhbumiohduagip

“Fbjfjg'dbqogdbogxbzamibnafdimfgrbfgbdyibhyoji,bogjbFbzojibyohdibdaqomjh
dyibhdodfagpbQyigbgiombdyibu.fnjfgrhbFbzidbobqyfdibzog,bfgbh.cybog
.gielicdijbinirogcibasbrid-.lbdyodbfgbdyibsfmhdbzazigdbFbdaakbyfzbsam
obhamdbasbvfhfagpbFbhoqbobyfrybhdomcyijbcannom,bqyfdibc.ssh,bobnfryd
onlocob ockid,bhgaqxbdma.himh,bobcniogbgickdfi,bogjbvomgfhyijbuaadhpbGa
yodpbYofmblomdij,bum.hyij,bafnij,b.gjimbobrmiig-nfgijblomohanbyinjbfgbo
ufrbqyfdibyogjpbYibqohbozotfgr,bogjbyojbobligyanjimbuiyfgjbyfhbiomp

“Fbhyaakbyogjhbqfdybdyfhbzfmocni,bogjbFbniomgijbyibqohbdyibCazlogx'h
cyfisbocca.gdogd,bogjbdyodbonnbdyibuaak-kiilfgrbqohbjagibodbdyfh
hdodfagpbYibyojbcaziba.dbsambobzazigd,byibhofj,b'dabridbobumiodybas
smihybofmpbDyibielmihhfagbha.gjijbqagjims.nnxbajj,bqfdybfdhbh.rrihdfag
asbhijigdomxbjihk-nfsipbFbqa.njg'dbyovibzigdfagijbdyibsinnaqbdabxa.bod
onn,bagnxbfdbqohbsmazbyfhbnflhbdyodbFbsfmhdbyiomjbdyibgozibasbdyi
zogbqyabfhbhabfgjfhhan.unxbcaggicdijbqfdybdyibzizamfihbasbdyodbdfzip
Zamiavim,bFbmihlicdijbdyibsinnaqpbXih;bFbmihlicdijbyfhbcannomh,byfh
vohdbc.ssh,byfhbum.hyijbyofmpbYfhbolliomogcibqohbcimdofgnxbdyodbasbo
yofmjmihhim'hbj.zzx;bu.dbfgbdyibrmiodbjizamonftodfagbasbdyibnogjbyi
kildb.lbyfhbolliomogcipbDyod'hbuockuagipbYfhbhdomcyijbcannomhbogjbrad-.l
hyfmd-smagdhbqimibocyfivizigdhbasbcyomocdimpbYibyojbuiigba.dbgiomnx
dymiibxiomh;bogj,bnodim,bFbca.njbgadbyinlbohkfgrbyfzbyaqbyibzogorijbda
hlamdbh.cybnfgigpbYibyojb .hdbdyibsofgdihdbun.hy,bogjbhofjbzajihdnx,
'F'vibuiigbdiocyfgrbagibasbdyibgodfvibqazigboua.dbdyibhdodfagpbFdbqoh
jfssfc.ndpbHyibyojbobjfhdohdibsambdyibqamkp'bDy.hbdyfhbzogbyojbvimfnx
occazlnfhyijbhazidyfgrpbOgjbyibqohbjivadijbdabyfhbuaakh,bqyfcybqimibfg
ollni-lfibamjimp

“Ivimxdyfgrbinhibfgbdyibhdodfagbqohbfgbobz.jjni--yiojh,bdyfgrh,
u.fnjfgrhpbHdmfgrhbasbj.hdxbgfrrimhbqfdybhlnoxbsiidbommfvijbogj
jilomdij;bobhdmiozbasbzog.socd.mijbraajh,bm.uufhyxbcaddagh,buiojh,
ogjbumohh-qfmibhigdbfgdabdyibjildyhbasbjomkgihh,bogjbfgbmid.mgbcozibo
lmicfa.hbdmfcknibasbfvamxp

“Fbyojbdabqofdbfgbdyibhdodfagbsambdigbjoxh--ogbidimgfdxpbFbnfvijbfgbo
y.dbfgbdyibxomj,bu.dbdabuiba.dbasbdyibcyoahbFbqa.njbhazidfzihbridbfgda
dyibocca.gdogd'hbassfcipbFdbqohbu.fndbasbyamftagdonblnogkh,bogjbhabuojnx
l.dbdaridyimbdyod,bohbyibuigdbavimbyfhbyfrybjihk,byibqohbuommijbsmaz
gickbdabyiinhbqfdybgommaqbhdmflhbasbh.gnfrydpbDyimibqohbgabgiijbda
aligbdyibufrbhy.ddimbdabhiipbFdbqohbyadbdyimi,bdaa;bufrbsnfihbu.ttij
sfigjfhynx,bogjbjfjbgadbhdfgr,bu.dbhdouuijpbFbhodbrigimonnxbagbdyi
snaam,bqyfni,basbso.ndnihhbolliomogcib(ogjbivigbhnfrydnxbhcigdij),
limcyfgrbagbobyfrybhdaan,byibqmadi,byibqmadipbHazidfzihbyibhdaajb.lbsam
ieimcfhipbQyigbobdm.ckni-uijbqfdybobhfckbzogb(hazibfgvonfjborigdbsmaz
.lca.gdmx)bqohbl.dbfgbdyimi,byibieyfufdijbobrigdniboggaxogcipb'Dyi
rmaoghbasbdyfhbhfckblimhag,'byibhofj,b'jfhdmocdbzxboddigdfagpbOgj
qfdya.dbdyodbfdbfhbiedmizinxbjfssfc.ndbdabr.omjborofghdbcnimfconbimmamh
fgbdyfhbcnfzodip'

“Agibjoxbyibmizomkij,bqfdya.dbnfsdfgrbyfhbyioj,b'Fgbdyibfgdimfambxa.
qfnnbgabja.udbziidbZmpbK.mdtp'bAgbzxbohkfgrbqyabZmpbK.mdtbqoh,byi
hofjbyibqohbobsfmhd-cnohhborigd;bogjbhiifgrbzxbjfhollafgdzigdbod
dyfhbfgsamzodfag,byibojjijbhnaqnx,bnoxfgrbjaqgbyfhblig,b'Yibfhbobvimx
mizomkouniblimhagp'bS.mdyimbw.ihdfaghbinfcfdijbsmazbyfzbdyodbZmpbK.mdt
qohbodblmihigdbfgbcyomribasbobdmojfgr-lahd,bobvimxbfzlamdogdbagi,bfgbdyi
dm.ibfvamx-ca.gdmx,bodb'dyibvimxbuaddazbasbdyimipbHigjhbfgbohbz.cybfvamx
ohbonnbdyibadyimhbl.dbdaridyimppp'bYibuirogbdabqmfdiborofgpbDyibhfck
zogbqohbdaabfnnbdabrmaogpbDyibsnfihbu.ttijbfgbobrmiodbliocip

“H.jjignxbdyimibqohbobrmaqfgrbz.mz.mbasbvafcihbogjbobrmiodbdmozlfgrbas
siidpbObcomovogbyojbcazibfgpbObvfanigdbuouunibasb.gca.dybha.gjhbu.mhd
a.dbagbdyibadyimbhfjibasbdyiblnogkhpbOnnbdyibcommfimhbqimibhliokfgr
daridyim,bogjbfgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyib.lmaombdyibnozigdounibvafcibasbdyi
cyfisborigdbqohbyiomjb'rfvfgrbfdb.l'bdioms.nnxbsambdyibdqigdfidybdfzi
dyodbjoxppppbYibmahibhnaqnxpb'Qyodbobsmfryds.nbmaq,'byibhofjpbYi
cmahhijbdyibmaazbrigdnxbdabnaakbodbdyibhfckbzog,bogjbmid.mgfgr,bhofjbda
zi,b'Yibjaihbgadbyiomp'b'Qyod!bJioj?'bFbohkij,bhdomdnijpb'Ga,bgadbxid,'
yiboghqimij,bqfdybrmiodbcazlah.mipbDyig,bonn.jfgrbqfdybobdahhbasbdyi
yiojbdabdyibd.z.ndbfgbdyibhdodfag-xomj,b'Qyigbagibyohbradbdabzoki
cammicdbigdmfih,bagibcazihbdabyodibdyahibhovorih--yodibdyizbdabdyi
jiodyp'bYibmizofgijbdya.ryds.nbsambobzazigdpb'Qyigbxa.bhiibZmpbK.mdt'
yibqigdbag,b'dinnbyfzbsmazbzibdyodbivimxdyfgrbyimi'--yibrnogcijbodbdyi
jick--'bfhbvimxbhodfhsocdamxpbFbjag'dbnfkibdabqmfdibdabyfz--qfdybdyahi
zihhigrimhbasba.mhbxa.bgivimbkgaqbqyabzoxbridbyanjbasbxa.mbniddim--od
dyodbCigdmonbHdodfagp'bYibhdomijbodbzibsambobzazigdbqfdybyfhbzfnj,
u.nrfgrbixihpb'Ay,byibqfnnbrabsom,bvimxbsom,'byibuirogborofgpb'Yi
qfnnbuibobhaziuajxbfgbdyibOjzfgfhdmodfagbuisamibnagrpbDyix,bouavi--dyi
Ca.gcfnbfgbI.mali,bxa.bkgaq--ziogbyfzbdabuip'

“Yibd.mgijbdabyfhbqamkpbDyibgafhiba.dhfjibyojbciohij,bogjblmihigdnx
fgbrafgrba.dbFbhdallijbodbdyibjaampbFgbdyibhdiojxbu.ttbasbsnfihbdyi
yaziqomj-ua.gjborigdbqohbnxfgrbsfgfhyijbogjbfghighfuni;bdyibadyim,
uigdbavimbyfhbuaakh,bqohbzokfgrbcammicdbigdmfihbasblimsicdnxbcammicd
dmoghocdfagh;bogjbsfsdxbsiidbuinaqbdyibjaamhdilbFbca.njbhiibdyibhdfnn
dmii-dalhbasbdyibrmavibasbjiodyp

“GiedbjoxbFbnisdbdyodbhdodfagbodbnohd,bqfdybobcomovogbasbhfedxbzig,bsam
obdqa-y.gjmij-zfnibdmozlp

“Gab.hibdinnfgrbxa.bz.cyboua.dbdyodpbLodyh,blodyh,bivimxqyimi;bo
hdozlij-fgbgidqamkbasblodyhbhlmiojfgrbavimbdyibizldxbnogj,bdyma.rybdyi
nagrbrmohh,bdyma.rybu.mgdbrmohh,bdyma.rybdyfckidh,bjaqgbogjb.lbcyfnnx
movfgih,b.lbogjbjaqgbhdagxbyfnnhbounotibqfdybyiod;bogjbobhanfd.ji,bo
hanfd.ji,bgauajx,bgadboby.dpbDyiblal.nodfagbyojbcniomijba.dbobnagr
dfziborapbQinn,bfsbobnadbasbzxhdimfa.hbgfrrimhbomzijbqfdybonnbkfgjhbas
sioms.nbqiolaghbh.jjignxbdaakbdabdmovinnfgrbagbdyibmaojbuidqiigbJionbogj
Rmovihigj,bcodcyfgrbdyibxakinhbmfrydbogjbnisdbdabcommxbyiovxbnaojhbsam
dyiz,bFbsogcxbivimxbsomzbogjbcaddoribdyimioua.dhbqa.njbridbizldxbvimx
haagpbAgnxbyimibdyibjqinnfgrhbqimibragi,bdaapbHdfnnbFblohhijbdyma.ry
hivimonbouogjagijbvfnnorihpbDyimi'hbhazidyfgrblodyidfconnxbcyfnjfhybfg
dyibm.fghbasbrmohhbqonnhpbJoxbosdimbjox,bqfdybdyibhdozlbogjbhy.ssnibas
hfedxblofmbasbuomibsiidbuiyfgjbzi,biocyblofmb.gjimbob60-nupbnaojpbCozl,
caak,bhniil,bhdmfkibcozl,bzomcypbGaqbogjbdyigbobcommfimbjiojbfgbyomgihh,
odbmihdbfgbdyibnagrbrmohhbgiombdyiblody,bqfdybogbizldxbqodim-ra.mjbogj
yfhbnagrbhdossbnxfgrbuxbyfhbhfjipbObrmiodbhfnigciboma.gjbogjbouavip
Limyolhbagbhazibw.fidbgfrydbdyibdmizambasbsom-assbjm.zh,bhfgkfgr,
hqinnfgr,bobdmizambvohd,bsofgd;bobha.gjbqifmj,bollionfgr,bh.rrihdfvi,
ogjbqfnj--ogjblimyolhbqfdybohblmasa.gjbobziogfgrbohbdyibha.gjbasbuinnh
fgbobCymfhdfogbca.gdmxpbAgcibobqyfdibzogbfgbogb.gu.ddagijb.gfsamz,
cozlfgrbagbdyiblodybqfdybogbomzijbihcamdbasbnogkbTogtfuomfh,bvimx
yahlfdounibogjbsihdfvi--gadbdabhoxbjm.gkpbQohbnaakfgrbosdimbdyib.lkiil
asbdyibmaoj,byibjicnomijpbCog'dbhoxbFbhoqbogxbmaojbambogxb.lkiil,b.gnihh
dyibuajxbasbobzfjjni-orijbgirma,bqfdybobu.nnid-yanibfgbdyibsamiyioj,
.lagbqyfcybFbouhan.dinxbhd.zunijbdymiibzfnihbsomdyimbag,bzoxbui
caghfjimijbohboblimzogigdbfzlmavizigdpbFbyojbobqyfdibcazlogfag,bdaa,
gadbobuojbcyol,bu.dbmodyimbdaabsnihyxbogjbqfdybdyibieohlimodfgrbyoufd
asbsofgdfgrbagbdyibyadbyfnnhfjih,bzfnihboqoxbsmazbdyibniohdbufdbasbhyoji
ogjbqodimpbOggaxfgr,bxa.bkgaq,bdabyanjbxa.mbaqgbcaodbnfkiboblomohanbavim
obzog'hbyiojbqyfnibyibfhbcazfgrbdapbFbca.njg'dbyinlbohkfgrbyfzbagcibqyod
yibziogdbuxbcazfgrbdyimibodbonnpb'Dabzokibzagix,basbca.mhipbQyodbjabxa.
dyfgk?'byibhofj,bhcamgs.nnxpbDyigbyibradbsivim,bogjbyojbdabuibcommfijbfg
obyozzackbhn.grb.gjimboblanipbOhbyibqifryijbhfediigbhdagibFbyojbgabigj
asbmaqhbqfdybdyibcommfimhpbDyixb fuuij,bmogboqox,bhgiokijbassbqfdybdyifm
naojhbfgbdyibgfryd--w.fdibobz.dfgxpbHa,bagibivigfgr,bFbzojibobhliicybfg
Igrnfhybqfdybrihd.mih,bgadbagibasbqyfcybqohbnahdbdabdyibhfedxblofmhbas
ixihbuisamibzi,bogjbdyibgiedbzamgfgrbFbhdomdijbdyibyozzackbassbfgbsmagd
onnbmfrydpbOgbya.mbosdimqomjhbFbcozib.lagbdyibqyanibcagcimgbqmickijbfg
obu.hy--zog,byozzack,brmaogh,bunogkidh,byammamhpbDyibyiovxblanibyoj
hkfggijbyfhblaambgahipbYibqohbvimxbogefa.hbsambzibdabkfnnbhaziuajx,
u.dbdyimibqohg'dbdyibhyojaqbasbobcommfimbgiompbFbmizizuimijbdyibanj
jacdam--'Fdbqa.njbuibfgdimihdfgrbsambhcfigcibdabqodcybdyibzigdonbcyogrih
asbfgjfvfj.onh,bagbdyibhladp'bFbsindbFbqohbuicazfgrbhcfigdfsfconnx
fgdimihdfgrpbYaqivim,bonnbdyodbfhbdabgabl.mlahipbAgbdyibsfsdiigdybjox
Fbcozibfgbhfrydbasbdyibufrbmfvimborofg,bogjbyauunijbfgdabdyibCigdmon
HdodfagpbFdbqohbagbobuockbqodimbh.mma.gjijbuxbhcm.ubogjbsamihd,bqfdy
oblmiddxbuamjimbasbhzinnxbz.jbagbagibhfji,bogjbagbdyibdymiibadyimh
igcnahijbuxbobcmotxbsigcibasbm.hyihpbObgirnicdijbrolbqohbonnbdyibrodi
fdbyoj,bogjbdyibsfmhdbrnogcibodbdyiblnocibqohbiga.rybdabnidbxa.bhiibdyi
snouuxbjivfnbqohbm.ggfgrbdyodbhyaqpbQyfdibzigbqfdybnagrbhdovihbfgbdyifm
yogjhbolliomijbnogr.fjnxbsmazbozagrhdbdyibu.fnjfgrh,bhdmannfgrb.lbda
dokibobnaakbodbzi,bogjbdyigbmidfmijba.dbasbhfrydbhaziqyimipbAgibasbdyiz,
obhda.d,biecfdounibcyolbqfdybunockbza.hdocyih,bfgsamzijbzibqfdybrmiod
van.ufnfdxbogjbzogxbjfrmihhfagh,bohbhaagbohbFbdanjbyfzbqyabFbqoh,bdyod
zxbhdiozimbqohbodbdyibuaddazbasbdyibmfvimpbFbqohbdy.gjimhdm.ckpbQyod,
yaq,bqyx?bAy,bfdbqohb'onnbmfrydp'bDyib'zogorimbyfzhins'bqohbdyimipbOnn
w.fdibcammicdpb'Ivimxuajxbyojbuiyovijbhlnigjfjnx!bhlnigjfjnx!'--'xa.
z.hd,'byibhofjbfgborfdodfag,b'rabogjbhiibdyibrigimonbzogorimbodbagcipbYi
fhbqofdfgr!'

“FbjfjbgadbhiibdyibmionbhfrgfsfcogcibasbdyodbqmickbodbagcipbFbsogcxbF
hiibfdbgaq,bu.dbFbozbgadbh.mi--gadbodbonnpbCimdofgnxbdyibossofmbqohbdaa
hd.lfj--qyigbFbdyfgkbasbfd--dabuibondaridyimbgod.monpbHdfnnpppbU.d
odbdyibzazigdbfdblmihigdijbfdhinsbhfzlnxbohbobcagsa.gjijbg.fhogcipbDyi
hdiozimbqohbh.gkpbDyixbyojbhdomdijbdqabjoxhbuisamibfgbobh.jjigby.mmx
.lbdyibmfvimbqfdybdyibzogorimbagbuaomj,bfgbcyomribasbhazibvan.gdiim
hkfllim,bogjbuisamibdyixbyojbuiigba.dbdymiibya.mhbdyixbdamibdyibuaddaz
a.dbasbyimbagbhdagih,bogjbhyibhogkbgiombdyibha.dybuogkpbFbohkijbzxhins
qyodbFbqohbdabjabdyimi,bgaqbzxbuaodbqohbnahdpbOhbobzoddimbasbsocd,bFbyoj
lnigdxbdabjabfgbsfhyfgrbzxbcazzogjba.dbasbdyibmfvimpbFbyojbdabhidboua.d
fdbdyibvimxbgiedbjoxpbDyod,bogjbdyibmilofmhbqyigbFbuma.rydbdyiblficihbda
dyibhdodfag,bdaakbhazibzagdyhp

“Zxbsfmhdbfgdimvfiqbqfdybdyibzogorimbqohbc.mfa.hpbYibjfjbgadbohkbzibda
hfdbjaqgbosdimbzxbdqigdx-zfnibqonkbdyodbzamgfgrpbYibqohbcazzaglnocibfg
cazlniefag,bfgbsiod.mih,bfgbzoggimh,bogjbfgbvafcipbYibqohbasbzfjjni
hftibogjbasbamjfgomxbu.fnjpbYfhbixih,basbdyib.h.onbun.i,bqimiblimyolh
mizomkounxbcanj,bogjbyibcimdofgnxbca.njbzokibyfhbrnogcibsonnbagbagiboh
dmigcyogdbogjbyiovxbohbogboeipbU.dbivigbodbdyihibdfzihbdyibmihdbasbyfh
limhagbhiizijbdabjfhcnofzbdyibfgdigdfagpbAdyimqfhibdyimibqoh
agnxbogbfgjisfgouni,bsofgdbielmihhfagbasbyfhbnflh,bhazidyfgr
hdiondyx--obhzfni--gadbobhzfni--Fbmizizuimbfd,bu.dbFbcog'dbielnofgpbFd
qohb.gcaghcfa.h,bdyfhbhzfnibqoh,bdya.ryb .hdbosdimbyibyojbhofjbhazidyfgr
fdbradbfgdighfsfijbsambogbfghdogdpbFdbcozibodbdyibigjbasbyfhbhliicyih
nfkibobhionbollnfijbagbdyibqamjhbdabzokibdyibziogfgrbasbdyibcazzagihd
lymohibolliombouhan.dinxbfghcm.dounipbYibqohbobcazzagbdmojim,bsmazbyfh
xa.dyb.lbizlnaxijbfgbdyihiblomdh--gadyfgrbzamipbYibqohbauixij,bxidbyi
fghlfmijbgifdyimbnavibgambsiom,bgambivigbmihlicdpbYibfghlfmij
.giohfgihhpbDyodbqohbfd!b.giohfgihhpbGadbobjisfgfdibzfhdm.hd-- .hd
.giohfgihh--gadyfgrbzamipbXa.byovibgabfjiobyaqbissicdfvibh.cyboppp
opppbsoc.ndxbcogbuipbYibyojbgabrigf.hbsambamrogftfgr,bsambfgfdfodfvi,
ambsambamjimbivigpbDyodbqohbivfjigdbfgbh.cybdyfgrhbohbdyibjilnamouni
hdodibasbdyibhdodfagpbYibyojbgabniomgfgr,bogjbgabfgdinnfrigcipbYfh
lahfdfagbyojbcazibdabyfz--qyx?bLimyolhbuico.hibyibqohbgivimbfnnpppbYi
yojbhimvijbdymiibdimzhbasbdymiibxiomhba.dbdyimipppbUico.hibdmf.zlyogd
yiondybfgbdyibrigimonbma.dbasbcaghdfd.dfaghbfhbobkfgjbasblaqim
fgbfdhinspbQyigbyibqigdbyazibagbniovibyibmfadijbagbobnomri
hconi--lazla.hnxpb ockbohyami--qfdybobjfssimigci--fgbiedimgonhbagnxp
Dyfhbagibca.njbrodyimbsmazbyfhbcoh.onbdonkpbYibamfrfgodijbgadyfgr,byi
ca.njbkiilbdyibma.dfgibrafgr--dyod'hbonnpbU.dbyibqohbrmiodpbYibqohbrmiod
uxbdyfhbnfddnibdyfgrbdyodbfdbqohbfzlahhfunibdabdinnbqyodbca.njbcagdman
h.cybobzogpbYibgivimbrovibdyodbhicmidboqoxpbLimyolhbdyimibqohbgadyfgr
qfdyfgbyfzpbH.cybobh.hlfcfagbzojibagiblo.hi--samba.dbdyimibdyimibqimibga
iedimgonbcyickhpbAgcibqyigbvomfa.hbdmalfconbjfhiohihbyojbnofjbnaqbonzahd
ivimxb'origd'bfgbdyibhdodfag,byibqohbyiomjbdabhox,b'Zigbqyabcaziba.d
yimibhya.njbyovibgabigdmofnhp'bYibhionijbdyib.ddimogcibqfdybdyodbhzfni
asbyfh,bohbdya.rybfdbyojbuiigbobjaambaligfgrbfgdabobjomkgihhbyibyojbfg
yfhbkiilfgrpbXa.bsogcfijbxa.byojbhiigbdyfgrh--u.dbdyibhionbqohbagpbQyig
oggaxijbodbzion-dfzihbuxbdyibcaghdogdbw.omminhbasbdyibqyfdibzigboua.d
lmicijigci,byibamjimijbogbfzzighibma.gjbdounibdabuibzoji,bsambqyfcybo
hlicfonbya.hibyojbdabuibu.fndpbDyfhbqohbdyibhdodfag'hbzihh-maazpbQyimi
yibhodbqohbdyibsfmhdblnoci--dyibmihdbqimibgaqyimipbAgibsindbdyfhbdabui
yfhb.gondimounibcagvfcdfagpbYibqohbgifdyimbcfvfnbgamb.gcfvfnpbYibqoh
w.fidpbYibonnaqijbyfhb'uax'--ogbavimsijbxa.grbgirmabsmazbdyibcaohd--da
dmiodbdyibqyfdibzig,b.gjimbyfhbvimxbixih,bqfdyblmavakfgrbfghanigcip

“YibuirogbdabhliokbohbhaagbohbyibhoqbzipbFbyojbuiigbvimxbnagrbagbdyi
maojpbYibca.njbgadbqofdpbYojbdabhdomdbqfdya.dbzipbDyib.l-mfvimbhdodfagh
yojbdabuibminfivijpbDyimibyojbuiigbhabzogxbjinoxhbonmiojxbdyodbyibjfj
gadbkgaqbqyabqohbjiojbogjbqyabqohbonfvi,bogjbyaqbdyixbradbag--ogjbhabag,
ogjbhabagpbYiblofjbgaboddigdfagbdabzxbielnogodfagh,bogj,blnoxfgrbqfdy
obhdfckbasbhionfgr-qoe,bmiliodijbhivimonbdfzihbdyodbdyibhfd.odfagbqoh
'vimxbrmovi,bvimxbrmovip'bDyimibqimibm.za.mhbdyodbobvimxbfzlamdogd
hdodfagbqohbfgb ialomjx,bogjbfdhbcyfis,bZmpbK.mdt,bqohbfnnpbYalijbfdbqoh
gadbdm.ipbZmpbK.mdtbqohpppbFbsindbqiomxbogjbfmmfdounipbYogrbK.mdt,
Fbdya.rydpbFbfgdimm.ldijbyfzbuxbhoxfgrbFbyojbyiomjbasbZmpbK.mdtbagbdyi
caohdpb'Oy!bHabdyixbdonkbasbyfzbjaqgbdyimi,'byibz.mz.mijbdabyfzhinsp
Dyigbyibuirogborofg,bohh.mfgrbzibZmpbK.mdtbqohbdyibuihdborigdbyibyoj,bog
iecildfagonbzog,basbdyibrmiodihdbfzlamdogcibdabdyibCazlogx;bdyimisami
Fbca.njb.gjimhdogjbyfhbogefidxpbYibqoh,byibhofj,b'vimx,bvimxb.giohxp'
Cimdofgnxbyibsfjridijbagbyfhbcyofmbobraajbjion,biecnofzij,b'Oy,bZmp
K.mdt!'bumakibdyibhdfckbasbhionfgr-qoebogjbhiizijbj.zsa.gjijbuxbdyi
occfjigdpbGiedbdyfgrbyibqogdijbdabkgaqb'yaqbnagrbfdbqa.njbdokibda'ppp
Fbfgdimm.ldijbyfzborofgpbUifgrby.grmx,bxa.bkgaq,bogjbkildbagbzxbsiid
daapbFbqohbriddfgrbhovoripb'YaqbcogbFbdinn?'bFbhofjpb'Fbyovig'dbivig
hiigbdyibqmickbxid--hazibzagdyh,bgabja.udp'bOnnbdyfhbdonkbhiizijbdabzi
habs.dfnipb'Hazibzagdyh,'byibhofjpb'Qinn,bnidb.hbhoxbdymiibzagdyhbuisami
qibcogbzokibobhdomdpbXihpbDyodba.rydbdabjabdyibossofmp'bFbsn.grba.d
asbyfhby.db(yibnfvijbonnbonagibfgbobcnoxby.dbqfdybobhamdbasbvimogjoy)
z.ddimfgrbdabzxhinsbzxbalfgfagbasbyfzpbYibqohbobcyoddimfgrbfjfadp
OsdimqomjhbFbdaakbfdbuockbqyigbfdbqohbuamgibfgb.lagbzibhdomdnfgrnx
qfdybqyodbiedmizibgfcidxbyibyojbihdfzodijbdyibdfzibmiw.fhfdibsambdyi
'ossofmp'

“Fbqigdbdabqamkbdyibgiedbjox,bd.mgfgr,bhabdabhliok,bzxbuockbagbdyod
hdodfagpbFgbdyodbqoxbagnxbfdbhiizijbdabzibFbca.njbkiilbzxbyanjbagbdyi
mijiizfgrbsocdhbasbnfsipbHdfnn,bagibz.hdbnaakboua.dbhazidfzih;bogjbdyig
Fbhoqbdyfhbhdodfag,bdyihibzigbhdmannfgrbofznihhnxboua.dbfgbdyibh.ghyfgi
asbdyibxomjpbFbohkijbzxhinsbhazidfzihbqyodbfdbonnbziogdpbDyixbqogjimij
yimibogjbdyimibqfdybdyifmbouh.mjbnagrbhdovihbfgbdyifmbyogjh,bnfkibobnad
asbsofdynihhblfnrmfzhbuiqfdcyijbfghfjibobmaddigbsigcipbDyibqamjb'fvamx'
mogrbfgbdyibofm,bqohbqyfhlimij,bqohbhfryijpbXa.bqa.njbdyfgkbdyixbqimi
lmoxfgrbdabfdpbObdofgdbasbfzuicfnibmolocfdxbuniqbdyma.rybfdbonn,bnfkibo
qyfssbsmazbhazibcamlhipbUxb avi!bF'vibgivimbhiigbogxdyfgrbhab.gmionbfg
zxbnfsipbOgjba.dhfji,bdyibhfnigdbqfnjimgihhbh.mma.gjfgrbdyfhbcniomij
hlickbagbdyibiomdybhdm.ckbzibohbhazidyfgrbrmiodbogjbfgvfgcfuni,bnfki
ivfnbambdm.dy,bqofdfgrblodfigdnxbsambdyiblohhfgrboqoxbasbdyfhbsogdohdfc
fgvohfagp

“Ay,bdyihibzagdyh!bQinn,bgivimbzfgjpbVomfa.hbdyfgrhbyolligijpbAgi
ivigfgrbobrmohhbhyijbs.nnbasbconfca,bcaddagblmfgdh,buiojh,bogjbFbjag'd
kgaqbqyodbinhi,bu.mhdbfgdabobunotibhabh.jjignxbdyodbxa.bqa.njbyovi
dya.rydbdyibiomdybyojbaligijbdabnidbogbovigrfgrbsfmibcagh.zibonnbdyod
dmohypbFbqohbhzakfgrbzxblflibw.fidnxbuxbzxbjfhzogdnijbhdiozim,bogjbhoq
dyizbonnbc.ddfgrbcolimhbfgbdyibnfryd,bqfdybdyifmbomzhbnfsdijbyfry,bqyig
dyibhda.dbzogbqfdybza.hdocyihbcozibdiomfgrbjaqgbdabdyibmfvim,bobdfg
lofnbfgbyfhbyogj,bohh.mijbzibdyodbivimxuajxbqohb'uiyovfgrbhlnigjfjnx,
hlnigjfjnx,'bjfllijboua.dbobw.omdbasbqodimbogjbdamibuockborofgpbF
gadfcijbdyimibqohbobyanibfgbdyibuaddazbasbyfhblofnp

“Fbhdmannijb.lpbDyimibqohbgaby.mmxpbXa.bhiibdyibdyfgrbyojbragibassbnfki
obuaebasbzodcyihpbFdbyojbuiigbyalinihhbsmazbdyibvimxbsfmhdpbDyibsnozi
yojbniolijbyfry,bjmfvigbivimxuajxbuock,bnfrydijb.lbivimxdyfgr--ogj
cannolhijpbDyibhyijbqohbonmiojxbobyiolbasbizuimhbrnaqfgrbsfimcinxpbO
gfrrimbqohbuifgrbuiodigbgiombuxpbDyixbhofjbyibyojbco.hijbdyibsfmibfg
hazibqox;buibdyodbohbfdbzox,byibqohbhcmiicyfgrbzahdbyammfunxpbFbhoqbyfz,
nodim,bsambhivimonbjoxh,bhfddfgrbfgbobufdbasbhyojibnaakfgrbvimxbhfckbogj
dmxfgrbdabmicavimbyfzhins;bosdimqomjhbyibomahibogjbqigdba.d--ogj
dyibqfnjimgihhbqfdya.dbobha.gjbdaakbyfzbfgdabfdhbuahazborofgpbOhbF
ollmaocyijbdyibrnaqbsmazbdyibjomkbFbsa.gjbzxhinsbodbdyibuockbasbdqabzig,
donkfgrpbFbyiomjbdyibgozibasbK.mdtblmaga.gcij,bdyigbdyibqamjh,b'doki
ojvogdoribasbdyfhb.gsamd.godiboccfjigdp'bAgibasbdyibzigbqohbdyibzogorimp
Fbqfhyijbyfzbobraajbivigfgrpb'Jfjbxa.bivimbhiibogxdyfgrbnfkibfd--iy?bfd
fhbfgcmijfuni,'byibhofj,bogjbqonkijbasspbDyibadyimbzogbmizofgijpbYibqoh
obsfmhd-cnohhborigd,bxa.gr,brigdnizognx,bobufdbmihimvij,bqfdybobsamkij
nfddnibuiomjbogjbobyaakijbgahipbYibqohbhdogj-assfhybqfdybdyibadyim
origdh,bogjbdyixbagbdyifmbhfjibhofjbyibqohbdyibzogorim'hbhlxb.lagbdyizp
Ohbdabzi,bFbyojbyomjnxbivimbhlakigbdabyfzbuisamipbQibradbfgdabdonk,bogj
uxbogjbuxbqibhdmannijboqoxbsmazbdyibyfhhfgrbm.fghpbDyigbyibohkijbzibda
yfhbmaaz,bqyfcybqohbfgbdyibzofgbu.fnjfgrbasbdyibhdodfagpbYibhdm.ck
obzodcy,bogjbFblimcifvijbdyodbdyfhbxa.grbomfhdacmodbyojbgadbagnxbo
hfnvim-za.gdijbjmihhfgr-cohibu.dbonhabobqyanibcogjnibonnbdabyfzhinsp
 .hdbodbdyodbdfzibdyibzogorimbqohbdyibagnxbzogbh.llahijbdabyovibogx
mfrydbdabcogjnihpbGodfvibzodhbcavimijbdyibcnoxbqonnh;bobcannicdfagbas
hliomh,bohhirofh,bhyfinjh,bkgfvihbqohby.grb.lbfgbdmalyfihpbDyibu.hfgihh
fgdm.hdijbdabdyfhbsinnaqbqohbdyibzokfgrbasbumfckh--habFbyojbuiig
fgsamzij;bu.dbdyimibqohg'dbobsmorzigdbasbobumfckbogxqyimibfgbdyi
hdodfag,bogjbyibyojbuiigbdyimibzamibdyogbobxiom--qofdfgrpbFdbhiizhbyi
ca.njbgadbzokibumfckhbqfdya.dbhazidyfgr,bFbjag'dbkgaqbqyod--hdmoqbzoxuip
Ogxqox,bfdbca.njbgadbuibsa.gjbdyimibogjbohbfdbqohbgadbnfkinxbdabuibhigd
smazbI.mali,bfdbjfjbgadbolliombcniombdabzibqyodbyibqohbqofdfgrbsampbOg
ocdbasbhlicfonbcmiodfagblimyolhpbYaqivim,bdyixbqimibonnbqofdfgr--onn
dyibhfediigbambdqigdxblfnrmfzhbasbdyiz--sambhazidyfgr;bogjb.lagbzxbqamj
fdbjfjbgadbhiizbogb.gcagrigfonbacc.lodfag,bsmazbdyibqoxbdyixbdaakbfd,
dya.rybdyibagnxbdyfgrbdyodbivimbcozibdabdyizbqohbjfhiohi--ohbsombohbF
ca.njbhiipbDyixbuir.fnijbdyibdfzibuxbuock-ufdfgrbogjbfgdmfr.fgrborofghd
iocybadyimbfgbobsaanfhybkfgjbasbqoxpbDyimibqohbogbofmbasblnaddfgrboua.d
dyodbhdodfag,bu.dbgadyfgrbcozibasbfd,basbca.mhipbFdbqohbohb.gmionboh
ivimxdyfgrbinhi--ohbdyiblyfnogdymalfcblmidigcibasbdyibqyanibcagcimg,boh
dyifmbdonk,bohbdyifmbravimgzigd,bohbdyifmbhyaqbasbqamkpbDyibagnxbmion
siinfgrbqohbobjihfmibdabridbollafgdijbdabobdmojfgr-lahdbqyimibfvamx
qohbdabuibyoj,bhabdyodbdyixbca.njbiomgblimcigdorihpbDyixbfgdmfr.ij
ogjbhnogjimijbogjbyodijbiocybadyimbagnxbagbdyodbocca.gd--u.dbohbda
issicd.onnxbnfsdfgrbobnfddnibsfgrim--ay,bgapbUxbyiovigh!bdyimibfh
hazidyfgrbosdimbonnbfgbdyibqamnjbonnaqfgrbagibzogbdabhdionbobyamhibqyfni
ogadyimbz.hdbgadbnaakbodbobyondimpbHdionbobyamhibhdmofrydba.dpbVimx
qinnpbYibyohbjagibfdpbLimyolhbyibcogbmfjipbU.dbdyimibfhbobqoxbasbnaakfgr
odbobyondimbdyodbqa.njblmavakibdyibzahdbcyomfdounibasbhofgdhbfgdabo
kfckp

“Fbyojbgabfjiobqyxbyibqogdijbdabuibhacfouni,bu.dbohbqibcyoddijbfg
dyimibfdbh.jjignxbacc.mmijbdabzibdyibsinnaqbqohbdmxfgrbdabridbod
hazidyfgr--fgbsocd,bl.zlfgrbzipbYibonn.jijbcaghdogdnxbdabI.mali,bdabdyi
lialnibFbqohbh.llahijbdabkgaqbdyimi--l.ddfgrbniojfgrbw.ihdfaghbohbdabzx
ocw.ofgdogcihbfgbdyibhil.ncymonbcfdx,bogjbhabagpbYfhbnfddnibixih
rnfddimijbnfkibzfcobjfhch--qfdybc.mfahfdx--dya.rybyibdmfijbdabkiilb.lbo
ufdbasbh.limcfnfa.hgihhpbOdbsfmhdbFbqohbohdagfhyij,bu.dbvimxbhaagbF
uicoziboqs.nnxbc.mfa.hbdabhiibqyodbyibqa.njbsfgjba.dbsmazbzipbFbca.njg'd
lahhfunxbfzorfgibqyodbFbyojbfgbzibdabzokibfdbqamdybyfhbqyfnipbFdbqoh
vimxblmiddxbdabhiibyaqbyibuossnijbyfzhins,bsambfgbdm.dybzxbuajxbqohbs.nn
agnxbasbcyfnnh,bogjbzxbyiojbyojbgadyfgrbfgbfdbu.dbdyodbqmidcyij
hdiozuaodbu.hfgihhpbFdbqohbivfjigdbyibdaakbzibsamboblimsicdnxbhyozinihh
lmivomfcodampbOdbnohdbyibradbogrmx,bogj,bdabcagcionbobzavizigdbas
s.mfa.hboggaxogci,byibxoqgijpbFbmahipbDyigbFbgadfcijbobhzonnbhkidcybfg
afnh,bagboblogin,bmilmihigdfgrbobqazog,bjmolijbogjbunfgjsanjij,bcommxfgr
obnfrydijbdamcypbDyibuockrma.gjbqohbhazumi--onzahdbunockpbDyibzavizigd
asbdyibqazogbqohbhdodinx,bogjbdyibissicdbasbdyibdamcynfrydbagbdyibsoci
qohbhfgfhdimp

“Fdbommihdijbzi,bogjbyibhdaajbuxbcfvfnnx,byanjfgrbogbizldxbyons-lfgd
cyozlorgibuaddnib(zijfconbcazsamdh)bqfdybdyibcogjnibhd.ckbfgbfdpbDabzx
w.ihdfagbyibhofjbZmpbK.mdtbyojblofgdijbdyfh--fgbdyfhbvimxbhdodfagbzami
dyogbobxiombora--qyfnibqofdfgrbsambzioghbdabrabdabyfhbdmojfgrblahdp
'Dinnbzi,blmox,'bhofjbF,b'qyabfhbdyfhbZmpbK.mdt?'

“'DyibcyfisbasbdyibFggimbHdodfag,'byiboghqimijbfgbobhyamdbdagi,bnaakfgr
oqoxpb'Z.cybaunfrij,'bFbhofj,bno.ryfgrpb'Ogjbxa.bomibdyibumfckzokimbas
dyibCigdmonbHdodfagpbIvimxbagibkgaqhbdyodp'bYibqohbhfnigdbsambobqyfnip
'Yibfhboblmajfrx,'byibhofjbodbnohdpb'Yibfhbogbizfhhomxbasblfdxbogj
hcfigcibogjblmarmihh,bogjbjivfnbkgaqhbqyodbinhipbQibqogd,'byibuirog
dabjicnofzbh.jjignx,b'sambdyibr.fjogcibasbdyibco.hibfgdm.hdijbdab.hbux
I.mali,bhabdabhliok,byfryimbfgdinnfrigci,bqfjibhxzlodyfih,bobhfgrnigihh
asbl.mlahip'b'Qyabhoxhbdyod?'bFbohkijpb'Nadhbasbdyiz,'byibmilnfijpb'Hazi
ivigbqmfdibdyod;bogjbhab_yi_bcazihbyimi,bobhlicfonbuifgr,bohbxa.ba.rydbda
kgaqp'b'Qyxba.rydbFbdabkgaq?'bFbfgdimm.ldij,bmionnxbh.mlmfhijpbYiblofj
gaboddigdfagpb'XihpbDajoxbyibfhbcyfisbasbdyibuihdbhdodfag,bgiedbxiombyi
qfnnbuibohhfhdogd-zogorim,bdqabxiomhbzamibogjpppbu.dbFbjomi-hoxbxa.
kgaqbqyodbyibqfnnbuibfgbdqabxiomh'bdfzipbXa.bomibasbdyibgiqbrogr--dyi
rogrbasbvfmd.ipbDyibhoziblialnibqyabhigdbyfzbhlicfonnxbonhabmicazzigjij
xa.pbAy,bjag'dbhoxbgapbF'vibzxbaqgbixihbdabdm.hdp'bNfrydbjoqgijb.lagbzip
Zxbjiombo.gd'hbfgsn.igdfonbocw.ofgdogcihbqimiblmaj.cfgrbogb.gielicdij
issicdb.lagbdyodbxa.grbzogpbFbgiomnxbu.mhdbfgdabobno.rypb'Jabxa.bmioj
dyibCazlogx'hbcagsfjigdfonbcammihlagjigci?'bFbohkijpbYibyojg'dbobqamj
dabhoxpbFdbqohbrmiodbs.gpb'QyigbZmpbK.mdt,'bFbcagdfg.ij,bhiviminx,b'fh
RigimonbZogorim,bxa.bqag'dbyovibdyiballamd.gfdxp'

“Yibuniqbdyibcogjniba.dbh.jjignx,bogjbqibqigdba.dhfjipbDyibzaagbyoj
mfhigpbUnockbsfr.mihbhdmannijboua.dbnfhdnihhnx,bla.mfgrbqodimbag
dyibrnaq,bqyigciblmaciijijbobha.gjbasbyfhhfgr;bhdiozbohcigjijbfgbdyi
zaagnfryd,bdyibuiodigbgfrrimbrmaogijbhaziqyimipb'Qyodbobmaqbdyibum.di
zokih!'bhofjbdyibfgjisodfrounibzogbqfdybdyibza.hdocyih,bolliomfgr
giomb.hpb'HimvibyfzbmfrydpbDmoghrmihhfag--l.gfhyzigd--uogr!bLfdfnihh,
lfdfnihhpbDyod'hbdyibagnxbqoxpbDyfhbqfnnblmivigdbonnbcagsnormodfagh
sambdyibs.d.mipbFbqohb .hdbdinnfgrbdyibzogorimppp'bYibgadfcijbzx
cazlogfag,bogjbuicozibcmihdsonnigbonnbodbagcipb'Gadbfgbuijbxid,'
yibhofj,bqfdybobkfgjbasbhimvfnibyiomdfgihh;b'fd'hbhabgod.monpbYo!
Jogrim--orfdodfagp'bYibvogfhyijpbFbqigdbagbdabdyibmfvimhfji,bogj
dyibadyimbsannaqijbzipbFbyiomjbobhcodyfgrbz.mz.mbodbzxbiom,b'Yiol
asbz.ssh--rabdap'bDyiblfnrmfzhbca.njbuibhiigbfgbkgadhbrihdfc.nodfgr,
jfhc.hhfgrpbHivimonbyojbhdfnnbdyifmbhdovihbfgbdyifmbyogjhpbFbvimfnx
uinfivibdyixbdaakbdyihibhdfckhbdabuijbqfdybdyizpbUixagjbdyibsigcibdyi
samihdbhdaajb.lbhlicdmonnxbfgbdyibzaagnfryd,bogjbdyma.rybdyodbjfzbhdfm,
dyma.rybdyibsofgdbha.gjhbasbdyodbnozigdounibca.mdxomj,bdyibhfnigcibas
dyibnogjbqigdbyazibdabagi'hbvimxbyiomd--fdhbzxhdimx,bfdhbrmiodgihh,bdyi
ozotfgrbmionfdxbasbfdhbcagcionijbnfsipbDyiby.mdbgfrrimbzaogijbsiiunx
haziqyimibgiombux,bogjbdyigbsidcyijbobjiilbhfrybdyodbzojibzibzigjbzx
lociboqoxbsmazbdyimipbFbsindbobyogjbfgdmaj.cfgrbfdhinsb.gjimbzxbomzp
'Zxbjiombhfm,'bhofjbdyibsinnaq,b'Fbjag'dbqogdbdabuibzfh.gjimhdaaj,bogj
ihlicfonnxbuxbxa.,bqyabqfnnbhiibZmpbK.mdtbnagrbuisamibFbcogbyovi
dyodblnioh.mipbFbqa.njg'dbnfkibyfzbdabridbobsonhibfjiobasbzx
jfhlahfdfagpppp'

“Fbnidbyfzbm.gbag,bdyfhb_lolfim-zocyi_bZilyfhdalyinih,bogjbfdbhiizijbdabzi
dyodbfsbFbdmfijbFbca.njblakibzxbsamisfgrimbdyma.rybyfz,bogjbqa.njbsfgj
gadyfgrbfghfjibu.dbobnfddnibnaahibjfmd,bzoxuipbYi,bjag'dbxa.bhii,byoj
uiigblnoggfgrbdabuibohhfhdogd-zogorimbuxbogjbuxb.gjimbdyiblmihigdbzog,
ogjbFbca.njbhiibdyodbdyibcazfgrbasbdyodbK.mdtbyojb.lhidbdyizbuadybgadbo
nfddnipbYibdonkijblmicflfdodinx,bogjbFbjfjbgadbdmxbdabhdalbyfzpbFbyojbzx
hya.njimhborofghdbdyibqmickbasbzxbhdiozim,byo.nijb.lbagbdyibhnalibnfkibo
comcohhbasbhazibufrbmfvimbogfzonpbDyibhzinnbasbz.j,basblmfzivonbz.j,
uxb avi!bqohbfgbzxbgahdmfnh,bdyibyfrybhdfnngihhbasblmfzivonbsamihdbqoh
uisamibzxbixih;bdyimibqimibhyfgxblodcyihbagbdyibunockbcmiikpbDyibzaag
yojbhlmiojbavimbivimxdyfgrbobdyfgbnoximbasbhfnvim--avimbdyibmogkbrmohh,
avimbdyibz.j,b.lagbdyibqonnbasbzoddijbviridodfagbhdogjfgrbyfryimbdyog
dyibqonnbasbobdizlni,bavimbdyibrmiodbmfvimbFbca.njbhiibdyma.rybobhazumi
rolbrnfddimfgr,brnfddimfgr,bohbfdbsnaqijbumaojnxbuxbqfdya.dbobz.mz.mp
Onnbdyfhbqohbrmiod,bielicdogd,bz.di,bqyfnibdyibzogb ouuimijboua.d
yfzhinspbFbqagjimijbqyidyimbdyibhdfnngihhbagbdyibsocibasbdyibfzzighfdx
naakfgrbodb.hbdqabqimibziogdbohbogbollionbambohbobzigocipbQyodbqimibqi
qyabyojbhdmoxijbfgbyimi?bCa.njbqibyogjnibdyodbj.zubdyfgr,bambqa.njbfd
yogjnib.h?bFbsindbyaqbufr,byaqbcagsa.gjijnxbufr,bqohbdyodbdyfgrbdyod
ca.njg'dbdonk,bogjblimyolhbqohbjiosbohbqinnpbQyodbqohbfgbdyimi?bFbca.nj
hiibobnfddnibfvamxbcazfgrba.dbsmazbdyimi,bogjbFbyojbyiomjbZmpbK.mdtbqoh
fgbdyimipbFbyojbyiomjbiga.ryboua.dbfd,bdaa--Rajbkgaqh!bXidbhaziyaq
fdbjfjg'dbumfgrbogxbfzoribqfdybfd--gabzamibdyogbfsbFbyojbuiigbdanjbog
ogrinbambobsfigjbqohbfgbdyimipbFbuinfivijbfdbfgbdyibhozibqoxbagibasbxa.
zfrydbuinfivibdyimibomibfgyoufdogdhbfgbdyiblnogidbZomhpbFbkgiqbagcibo
Hcadcybhofnzokimbqyabqohbcimdofg,bjiojbh.mi,bdyimibqimiblialnibfgbZomhp
Fsbxa.bohkijbyfzbsambhazibfjiobyaqbdyixbnaakijbogjbuiyovij,byibqa.njbrid
hyxbogjbz.ddimbhazidyfgrboua.db'qonkfgrbagbonn-sa.mhp'bFsbxa.bohbz.cy
ohbhzfnij,byibqa.nj--dya.rybobzogbasbhfedx--assimbdabsfrydbxa.pbFbqa.nj
gadbyovibragibhabsombohbdabsfrydbsambK.mdt,bu.dbFbqigdbsambyfzbgiom
iga.rybdabobnfipbXa.bkgaqbFbyodi,bjidihd,bogjbcog'dbuiombobnfi,bgad
uico.hibFbozbhdmofrydimbdyogbdyibmihdbasb.h,bu.dbhfzlnxbuico.hibfd
ollonnhbzipbDyimibfhbobdofgdbasbjiody,bobsnova.mbasbzamdonfdxbfg
nfih--qyfcybfhbieocdnxbqyodbFbyodibogjbjidihdbfgbdyibqamnj--qyodbFbqogd
dabsamridpbFdbzokihbzibzfhimounibogjbhfck,bnfkibufdfgrbhazidyfgrbmaddig
qa.njbjapbDizlimozigd,bFbh.llahipbQinn,bFbqigdbgiombiga.rybdabfdbux
niddfgrbdyibxa.grbsaanbdyimibuinfivibogxdyfgrbyibnfkijbdabfzorfgibohbda
zxbfgsn.igcibfgbI.malipbFbuicozibfgbogbfghdogdbohbz.cybasboblmidigciboh
dyibmihdbasbdyibuiqfdcyijblfnrmfzhpbDyfhbhfzlnxbuico.hibFbyojbobgadfag
fdbhaziyaqbqa.njbuibasbyinlbdabdyodbK.mdtbqyazbodbdyibdfzibFbjfjbgad
hii--xa.b.gjimhdogjpbYibqohb .hdbobqamjbsambzipbFbjfjbgadbhiibdyibzogbfg
dyibgozibogxbzamibdyogbxa.bjapbJabxa.bhiibyfz?bJabxa.bhiibdyibhdamx?bJa
xa.bhiibogxdyfgr?bFdbhiizhbdabzibFbozbdmxfgrbdabdinnbxa.bo
jmioz--zokfgrbobvofgboddizld,buico.hibgabminodfagbasbobjmiozbcogbcagvix
dyibjmioz-highodfag,bdyodbcazzfgrnfgrbasbouh.mjfdx,bh.mlmfhi,bogj
uiqfnjimzigdbfgbobdmizambasbhdm.rrnfgrbmivand,bdyodbgadfagbasbuifgr
cold.mijbuxbdyibfgcmijfunibqyfcybfhbasbdyibvimxbihhigcibasbjmiozhpppp”

Yibqohbhfnigdbsambobqyfnip

“pppbGa,bfdbfhbfzlahhfuni;bfdbfhbfzlahhfunibdabcagvixbdyi
nfsi-highodfagbasbogxbrfvigbilacybasbagi'hbiefhdigci--dyodbqyfcybzokih
fdhbdm.dy,bfdhbziogfgr--fdhbh.udnibogjbligidmodfgrbihhigcipbFdbfh
fzlahhfunipbQibnfvi,bohbqibjmioz--onagipppp”

Yiblo.hijborofgbohbfsbmisnicdfgr,bdyigbojjij:

“Asbca.mhibfgbdyfhbxa.bsinnaqhbhiibzamibdyogbFbca.njbdyigpbXa.bhiibzi,
qyazbxa.bkgaqpppp”

Fdbyojbuicazibhablfdcybjomkbdyodbqibnfhdigimhbca.njbyomjnxbhiibagi
ogadyimpbSambobnagrbdfzibonmiojxbyi,bhfddfgrbolomd,byojbuiigbgabzami
dab.hbdyogbobvafcipbDyimibqohbgadbobqamjbsmazbogxuajxpbDyibadyimhbzfryd
yovibuiigbohniil,bu.dbFbqohboqokipbFbnfhdigij,bFbnfhdigijbagbdyibqodcy
sambdyibhigdigci,bsambdyibqamj,bdyodbqa.njbrfvibzibdyibcn.ibdabdyi
sofgdb.giohfgihhbfghlfmijbuxbdyfhbgommodfvibdyodbhiizijbdabhyolibfdhins
qfdya.dby.zogbnflhbfgbdyibyiovxbgfryd-ofmbasbdyibmfvimp

“pppbXih--Fbnidbyfzbm.gbag,”bZomnaqbuirogborofg,b“ogjbdyfgkbqyod
yiblniohijboua.dbdyiblaqimhbdyodbqimibuiyfgjbzipbFbjfj!bOgjbdyimibqoh
gadyfgrbuiyfgjbzi!bDyimibqohbgadyfgrbu.dbdyodbqmidcyij,banj,bzogrnij
hdiozuaodbFbqohbniogfgrborofghd,bqyfnibyibdonkijbsn.igdnxboua.db'dyi
gicihhfdxbsambivimxbzogbdabridbagp'b'Ogjbqyigbagibcazihba.dbyimi,bxa.
cagcifvi,bfdbfhbgadbdabrotibodbdyibzaagp'bZmpbK.mdtbqohbob'.gfvimhon
rigf.h,'bu.dbivigbobrigf.hbqa.njbsfgjbfdbiohfimbdabqamkbqfdyb'ojiw.odi
daanh--fgdinnfrigdbzigp'bYibjfjbgadbzokibumfckh--qyx,bdyimibqohbo
lyxhfconbfzlahhfufnfdxbfgbdyibqox--ohbFbqohbqinnboqomi;bogjbfsbyi
jfjbhicmidomfonbqamkbsambdyibzogorim,bfdbqohbuico.hib'gabhighfunibzog
mi icdhbqogdagnxbdyibcagsfjigcibasbyfhbh.limfamhp'bJfjbFbhiibfd?bFbhoq
fdpbQyodbzamibjfjbFbqogd?bQyodbFbmionnxbqogdijbqohbmfvidh,buxbyiovig!
MfvidhpbDabridbagbqfdybdyibqamk--dabhdalbdyibyanipbMfvidhbF
qogdijpbDyimibqimibcohihbasbdyizbjaqgbodbdyibcaohd--cohih--lfnij
.l--u.mhd--hlnfd!bXa.bkfckijbobnaahibmfvidbodbivimxbhicagjbhdilbfgbdyod
hdodfag-xomjbagbdyibyfnnhfjipbMfvidhbyojbmannijbfgdabdyibrmavibasbjiodyp
Xa.bca.njbsfnnbxa.mblackidhbqfdybmfvidhbsambdyibdma.unibasbhdaalfgr
jaqg--ogjbdyimibqohg'dbagibmfvidbdabuibsa.gjbqyimibfdbqohbqogdijpbQi
yojblnodihbdyodbqa.njbja,bu.dbgadyfgrbdabsohdigbdyizbqfdypbOgjbivimx
qiikbdyibzihhigrim,bobnagrbgirma,bniddim-uorbagbhya.njimbogjbhdossbfg
yogj,bnisdba.mbhdodfagbsambdyibcaohdpbOgjbhivimonbdfzihbobqiikbobcaohd
comovogbcozibfgbqfdybdmojibraajh--ryohdnxbrnotijbconfcabdyodbzojibxa.
hy.jjimbagnxbdabnaakbodbfd,brnohhbuiojhbvon.iboua.dbobliggxbobw.omd,
cagsa.gjijbhladdijbcaddagbyogjkimcyfishpbOgjbgabmfvidhpbDymiibcommfimh
ca.njbyovibuma.rydbonnbdyodbqohbqogdijbdabhidbdyodbhdiozuaodbosnaodp

“Yibqohbuicazfgrbcagsfjigdfonbgaq,bu.dbFbsogcxbzxb.gmihlaghfviboddfd.ji
z.hdbyovibieohlimodijbyfzbodbnohd,bsambyib .jrijbfdbgicihhomxbdabfgsamz
zibyibsiomijbgifdyimbRajbgambjivfn,bnidbonagibogxbzimibzogpbFbhofjbF
ca.njbhiibdyodbvimxbqinn,bu.dbqyodbFbqogdijbqohbobcimdofgbw.ogdfdxbas
mfvidh--ogjbmfvidhbqimibqyodbmionnxbZmpbK.mdtbqogdij,bfsbyibyojbagnx
kgaqgbfdpbGaqbniddimhbqigdbdabdyibcaohdbivimxbqiikppppb'Zxbjiom
hfm,'byibcmfij,b'Fbqmfdibsmazbjfcdodfagp'bFbjizogjijbmfvidhpbDyimibqoh
obqox--sambogbfgdinnfrigdbzogpbYibcyogrijbyfhbzoggim;buicozibvimx
canj,bogjbh.jjignxbuirogbdabdonkboua.dbobyfllaladoz.h;bqagjimijbqyidyim
hniilfgrbagbuaomjbdyibhdiozimb(Fbhd.ckbdabzxbhonvoribgfrydbogjbjox)
Fbqohg'dbjfhd.muijpbDyimibqohbogbanjbyfllabdyodbyojbdyibuojbyoufdbas
riddfgrba.dbagbdyibuogkbogjbmaozfgrbodbgfrydbavimbdyibhdodfagbrma.gjhp
Dyiblfnrmfzhb.hijbdabd.mgba.dbfgbobuajxbogjbizldxbivimxbmfsnibdyixbca.nj
noxbyogjhbagbodbyfzpbHazibivigbyojbhodb.lba'bgfrydhbsambyfzpbOnnbdyfh
igimrxbqohbqohdij,bdya.rypb'Dyodbogfzonbyohbobcyomzijbnfsi,'byibhofj;
'u.dbxa.bcogbhoxbdyfhbagnxbasbum.dihbfgbdyfhbca.gdmxpbGabzog--xa.
ollmiyigjbzi?--gabzogbyimibuiomhbobcyomzijbnfsip'bYibhdaajbdyimibsam
obzazigdbfgbdyibzaagnfrydbqfdybyfhbjinfcodibyaakijbgahibhidbobnfddni
ohkiq,bogjbyfhbzfcobixihbrnfddimfgrbqfdya.dbobqfgk,bdyig,bqfdybobc.md
Raaj-gfryd,byibhdmajibasspbFbca.njbhiibyibqohbjfhd.muijbogjbcaghfjimounx
l.ttnij,bqyfcybzojibzibsiinbzamibyalis.nbdyogbFbyojbuiigbsambjoxhpbFd
qohbobrmiodbcazsamdbdabd.mgbsmazbdyodbcyolbdabzxbfgsn.igdfonbsmfigj,bdyi
uoddimij,bdqfhdij,bm.fgij,bdfg-ladbhdiozuaodpbFbcnozuimijbagbuaomjpbHyi
mogrb.gjimbzxbsiidbnfkibogbizldxbY.gdnixb&bLonzimbufhc.fd-dfgbkfckij
onagrbobr.ddim;bhyibqohbgadyfgrbhabhanfjbfgbzoki,bogjbmodyimbnihhblmiddx
fgbhyoli,bu.dbFbyojbieligjijbiga.rybyomjbqamkbagbyimbdabzokibzibnavi
yimpbGabfgsn.igdfonbsmfigjbqa.njbyovibhimvijbzibuiddimpbHyibyojbrfvig
zibobcyogcibdabcaziba.dbobufd--dabsfgjba.dbqyodbFbca.njbjapbGa,bFbjag'd
nfkibqamkpbFbyojbmodyimbnotiboua.dbogjbdyfgkbasbonnbdyibsfgibdyfgrhbdyod
cogbuibjagipbFbjag'dbnfkibqamk--gabzogbjaih--u.dbFbnfkibqyodbfhbfgbdyi
qamk--dyibcyogcibdabsfgjbxa.mhinspbXa.mbaqgbmionfdx--sambxa.mhins,bgad
sambadyimh--qyodbgabadyimbzogbcogbivimbkgaqpbDyixbcogbagnxbhiibdyibzimi
hyaq,bogjbgivimbcogbdinnbqyodbfdbmionnxbzioghp

“Fbqohbgadbh.mlmfhijbdabhiibhaziuajxbhfddfgrbosd,bagbdyibjick,bqfdy
yfhbnirhbjogrnfgrbavimbdyibz.jpbXa.bhiibFbmodyimbcy.zzijbqfdybdyibsiq
zicyogfchbdyimibqimibfgbdyodbhdodfag,bqyazbdyibadyimblfnrmfzhbgod.monnx
jihlfhij--agbocca.gdbasbdyifmbfzlimsicdbzoggimh,bFbh.llahipbDyfhbqohbdyi
samizog--obuafnim-zokimbuxbdmoji--obraajbqamkimpbYibqohbobnogk,buagx,
xinnaq-socijbzog,bqfdybufrbfgdighibixihpbYfhbohlicdbqohbqammfij,bogjbyfh
yiojbqohbohbuonjbohbdyiblonzbasbzxbyogj;bu.dbyfhbyofmbfgbsonnfgrbhiizij
dabyovibhd.ckbdabyfhbcyfg,bogjbyojblmahlimijbfgbdyibgiqbnaconfdx,
sambyfhbuiomjby.grbjaqgbdabyfhbqofhdpbYibqohbobqfjaqimbqfdybhfebxa.gr
cyfnjmigb(yibyojbnisdbdyizbfgbcyomribasbobhfhdimbasbyfhbdabcaziba.d
dyimi),bogjbdyiblohhfagbasbyfhbnfsibqohblfriag-snxfgrpbYibqohbog
igdy.hfohdbogjbobcaggafhhi.mpbYibqa.njbmoviboua.dblfriaghpbOsdimbqamk
ya.mhbyib.hijbhazidfzihbdabcazibavimbsmazbyfhby.dbsambobdonkboua.dbyfh
cyfnjmigbogjbyfhblfriagh;bodbqamk,bqyigbyibyojbdabcmoqnbfgbdyibz.jb.gjim
dyibuaddazbasbdyibhdiozuaod,byibqa.njbdfib.lbdyodbuiomjbasbyfhbfgbobkfgj
asbqyfdibhimvfiddibyibuma.rydbsambdyibl.mlahipbFdbyojbnaalhbdabrabavim
yfhbiomhpbFgbdyibivigfgrbyibca.njbuibhiigbhw.oddijbagbdyibuogkbmfghfgr
dyodbqmollimbfgbdyibcmiikbqfdybrmiodbcomi,bdyigbhlmiojfgrbfdbhanizgnxbag
obu.hybdabjmxp

“Fbhnollijbyfzbagbdyibuockbogjbhya.dij,b'Qibhyonnbyovibmfvidh!'bYi
hcmozunijbdabyfhbsiidbiecnofzfgr,b'Ga!bMfvidh!'bohbdya.rybyibca.njg'd
uinfivibyfhbiomhpbDyigbfgbobnaqbvafci,b'Xa.pppbiy?'bFbjag'dbkgaqbqyx
qibuiyovijbnfkibn.godfchpbFbl.dbzxbsfgrimbdabdyibhfjibasbzxbgahibogj
gajjijbzxhdimfa.hnxpb'Raajbsambxa.!'byibcmfij,bhgollijbyfhbsfgrimhbouavi
yfhbyioj,bnfsdfgrbagibsaadpbFbdmfijbob frpbQibcolimijbagbdyibfmagbjickp
Obsmfryds.nbcnoddimbcoziba.dbasbdyodby.nk,bogjbdyibvfmrfgbsamihdbag
dyibadyimbuogkbasbdyibcmiikbhigdbfdbuockbfgbobdy.gjimfgrbmannb.lagbdyi
hniilfgrbhdodfagpbFdbz.hdbyovibzojibhazibasbdyiblfnrmfzhbhfdb.lbfgbdyifm
yavinhpbObjomkbsfr.mibauhc.mijbdyibnfrydijbjaamqoxbasbdyibzogorim'hby.d,
vogfhyij,bdyig,bobhicagjbambhabosdim,bdyibjaamqoxbfdhinsbvogfhyij,bdaap
Qibhdallij,bogjbdyibhfnigcibjmfvigboqoxbuxbdyibhdozlfgrbasba.mbsiid
snaqijbuockborofgbsmazbdyibmicihhihbasbdyibnogjpbDyibrmiodbqonnbas
viridodfag,bogbie.uimogdbogjbigdogrnijbzohhbasbdm.gkh,bumogcyih,bniovih,
ua.ryh,bsihdaagh,bzadfagnihhbfgbdyibzaagnfryd,bqohbnfkibobmfadfgr
fgvohfagbasbha.gjnihhbnfsi,bobmannfgrbqovibasblnogdh,blfnijb.l,bcmihdij,
miojxbdabdallnibavimbdyibcmiik,bdabhqiilbivimxbnfddnibzogbasb.hba.d
asbyfhbnfddnibiefhdigcipbOgjbfdbzavijbgadpbObjiojigijbu.mhdbasbzfrydx
hlnohyihbogjbhgamdhbmiocyijb.hbsmazbosom,bohbdya.rybogbfcdyxaho.m.hbyoj
uiigbdokfgrbobuodybasbrnfddimbfgbdyibrmiodbmfvimpb'Osdimbonn,'bhofjbdyi
uafnim-zokimbfgbobmiohagounibdagi,b'qyxbhya.njg'dbqibridbdyibmfvidh?'
Qyxbgad,bfgjiij!bFbjfjbgadbkgaqbasbogxbmiohagbqyxbqibhya.njg'dpb'Dyix'nn
cazibfgbdymiibqiikh,'bFbhofjbcagsfjigdnxp

“U.dbdyixbjfjg'dpbFghdiojbasbmfvidhbdyimibcozibogbfgvohfag,bog
fgsnfcdfag,bobvfhfdodfagpbFdbcozibfgbhicdfaghbj.mfgrbdyibgiedbdymii
qiikh,biocybhicdfagbyiojijbuxbobjagkixbcommxfgrbobqyfdibzogbfgbgiq
cnadyihbogjbdogbhyaih,buaqfgrbsmazbdyodbinivodfagbmfrydbogjbnisdbdabdyi
fzlmihhijblfnrmfzhpbObw.omminhazibuogjbasbsaadhamibh.nkxbgfrrimhbdmajbag
dyibyiinhbasbdyibjagkix;bobnadbasbdigdh,bcozl-hdaanh,bdfgbuaeih,bqyfdi
cohih,bumaqgbuonihbqa.njbuibhyadbjaqgbfgbdyibca.mdxomj,bogjbdyibofmbas
zxhdimxbqa.njbjiiligbobnfddnibavimbdyibz.jjnibasbdyibhdodfagpbSfvibh.cy
fghdonzigdhbcozi,bqfdybdyifmbouh.mjbofmbasbjfhamjimnxbsnfrydbqfdybdyi
naadbasbfgg.zimouniba.dsfdbhyalhbogjblmavfhfagbhdamih,bdyod,bagi
qa.njbdyfgk,bdyixbqimibn.rrfgr,bosdimbobmofj,bfgdabdyibqfnjimgihhbsam
iw.fdounibjfvfhfagpbFdbqohbogbfgiedmfcounibzihhbasbdyfgrhbjicigdbfg
dyizhinvihbu.dbdyodby.zogbsannxbzojibnaakbnfkibdyibhlafnhbasbdyfivfgrp

“DyfhbjivadijbuogjbconnijbfdhinsbdyibInjamojabIelnamfgrbIelijfdfag,bogj
FbuinfivibdyixbqimibhqamgbdabhicmicxpbDyifmbdonk,byaqivim,bqohbdyibdonk
asbhamjfjbu.ccogiimh:bfdbqohbmicknihhbqfdya.dbyomjfyaaj,brmiijxbqfdya.d
o.jocfdx,bogjbcm.inbqfdya.dbca.mori;bdyimibqohbgadbogbodazbasbsamihfryd
ambasbhimfa.hbfgdigdfagbfgbdyibqyanibuodcybasbdyiz,bogjbdyixbjfjbgad
hiizboqomibdyihibdyfgrhbomibqogdijbsambdyibqamkbasbdyibqamnjpbDabdiom
dmioh.miba.dbasbdyibuaqinhbasbdyibnogjbqohbdyifmbjihfmi,bqfdybgabzami
zamonbl.mlahibodbdyibuockbasbfdbdyogbdyimibfhbfgbu.mrnomhbumiokfgrbfgda
obhosipbQyablofjbdyibielighihbasbdyibgaunibigdimlmfhibFbjag'dbkgaq;bu.d
dyib.gcnibasba.mbzogorimbqohbniojimbasbdyodbnadp

“Fgbiedimfambyibmihizunijbobu.dcyimbfgboblaambgifryua.myaaj,bogjbyfh
ixihbyojbobnaakbasbhniilxbc.ggfgrpbYibcommfijbyfhbsodblo.gcybqfdy
ahdigdodfagbagbyfhbhyamdbnirh,bogjbj.mfgrbdyibdfzibyfhbrogrbfgsihdijbdyi
hdodfagbhlakibdabgabagibu.dbyfhbgilyiqpbXa.bca.njbhiibdyihibdqabmaozfgr
oua.dbonnbjoxbnagrbqfdybdyifmbyiojhbcnahibdaridyimbfgbogbivimnohdfgr
cagsoup

“Fbyojbrfvigb.lbqammxfgrbzxhinsboua.dbdyibmfvidhpbAgi'hbcolocfdxbsam
dyodbkfgjbasbsannxbfhbzamibnfzfdijbdyogbxa.bqa.njbh.llahipbFbhofj
Yogr!--ogjbnidbdyfgrhbhnfjipbFbyojblnigdxbasbdfzibsambzijfdodfag,
ogjbgaqbogjbdyigbFbqa.njbrfvibhazibdya.rydbdabK.mdtpbFbqohg'dbvimx
fgdimihdijbfgbyfzpbGapbHdfnn,bFbqohbc.mfa.hbdabhiibqyidyimbdyfhbzog,bqya
yojbcaziba.dbiw.fllijbqfdybzamonbfjiohbasbhazibhamd,bqa.njbcnfzubdabdyi
dalbosdimbonnbogjbyaqbyibqa.njbhidboua.dbyfhbqamkbqyigbdyimip”




FF



“AgibivigfgrbohbFbqohbnxfgrbsnodbagbdyibjickbasbzxbhdiozuaod,bFbyiomj
vafcihbollmaocyfgr--ogjbdyimibqimibdyibgilyiqbogjbdyib.gcnibhdmannfgr
onagrbdyibuogkpbFbnofjbzxbyiojbagbzxbomzborofg,bogjbyojbgiomnxbnahd
zxhinsbfgbobjati,bqyigbhaziuajxbhofjbfgbzxbiom,bohbfdbqimi:b'Fbozboh
yomznihhbohbobnfddnibcyfnj,bu.dbFbjag'dbnfkibdabuibjfcdodijbdapbOzbFbdyi
zogorim--ambozbFbgad?bFbqohbamjimijbdabhigjbyfzbdyimipbFd'hbfgcmijfunip'
pppbFbuicoziboqomibdyodbdyibdqabqimibhdogjfgrbagbdyibhyamibonagrhfji
dyibsamilomdbasbdyibhdiozuaod,b .hdbuinaqbzxbyiojpbFbjfjbgadbzavi;bfd
jfjbgadbacc.mbdabzibdabzavi:bFbqohbhniilxpb'Fdb_fh_b.glniohogd,'brm.gdij
dyib.gcnipb'YibyohbohkijbdyibOjzfgfhdmodfagbdabuibhigdbdyimi,'bhofjbdyi
adyim,b'qfdybdyibfjiobasbhyaqfgrbqyodbyibca.njbja;bogjbFbqohbfghdm.cdij
occamjfgrnxpbNaakbodbdyibfgsn.igcibdyodbzogbz.hdbyovipbFhbfdbgad
smfryds.n?'bDyixbuadybormiijbfdbqohbsmfryds.n,bdyigbzojibhivimonbuftommi
mizomkh:b'Zokibmofgbogjbsfgibqiodyim--agibzog--dyibCa.gcfn--uxbdyi
gahi'--ufdhbasbouh.mjbhigdigcihbdyodbradbdyibuiddimbasbzxbjmaqhfgihh,
habdyodbFbyojblmiddxbgiombdyibqyanibasbzxbqfdhboua.dbzibqyigbdyib.gcni
hofj,b'Dyibcnfzodibzoxbjaboqoxbqfdybdyfhbjfssfc.ndxbsambxa.pbFhbyibonagi
dyimi?'b'Xih,'boghqimijbdyibzogorim;b'yibhigdbyfhbohhfhdogdbjaqgbdyi
mfvimbqfdybobgadibdabzibfgbdyihibdimzh:b“Cniombdyfhblaambjivfnba.dbas
dyibca.gdmx,bogjbjag'dbuadyimbhigjfgrbzamibasbdyodbhamdpbFbyojbmodyimbui
onagibdyogbyovibdyibkfgjbasbzigbxa.bcogbjfhlahibasbqfdybzip”bFdbqohbzami
dyogbobxiomborapbCogbxa.bfzorfgibh.cybfzl.jigci!'b'Ogxdyfgrbhfgcibdyig?'
ohkijbdyibadyimbyaomhinxpb'Fvamx,'b imkijbdyibgilyiq;b'nadhbasbfd--lmfzi
hamd--nadh--zahdboggaxfgr,bsmazbyfzp'b'Ogjbqfdybdyod?'bw.ihdfagijbdyi
yiovxbm.zunipb'Fgvafci,'bqohbdyibmilnxbsfmijba.d,bhabdabhliokpbDyig
hfnigcipbDyixbyojbuiigbdonkfgrboua.dbK.mdtp

“Fbqohbumaojboqokibuxbdyfhbdfzi,bu.d,bnxfgrblimsicdnxbodbiohi,bmizofgij
hdfnn,byovfgrbgabfgj.cizigdbdabcyogribzxblahfdfagpb'Yaqbjfjbdyodbfvamx
cazibonnbdyfhbqox?'brmaqnijbdyibinjimbzog,bqyabhiizijbvimxbvieijpbDyi
adyimbielnofgijbdyodbfdbyojbcazibqfdybobsniidbasbcogaihbfgbcyomribasbog
Igrnfhybyons-cohdibcnimkbK.mdtbyojbqfdybyfz;bdyodbK.mdtbyojbollomigdnx
fgdigjijbdabmid.mgbyfzhins,bdyibhdodfagbuifgrbuxbdyodbdfzibuomibasbraajh
ogjbhdamih,bu.dbosdimbcazfgrbdymiiby.gjmijbzfnih,byojbh.jjignxbjicfjij
dabrabuock,bqyfcybyibhdomdijbdabjabonagibfgbobhzonnbj.ra.dbqfdybsa.m
lojjnimh,bniovfgrbdyibyons-cohdibdabcagdfg.ibjaqgbdyibmfvimbqfdybdyi
fvamxpbDyibdqabsinnaqhbdyimibhiizijbohda.gjijbodbogxuajxboddizldfgrbh.cy
obdyfgrpbDyixbqimibodbobnahhbsambogbojiw.odibzadfvipbOhbdabzi,bFbhiizij
dabhiibK.mdtbsambdyibsfmhdbdfzipbFdbqohbobjfhdfgcdbrnfzlhi:bdyibj.ra.d,
sa.mblojjnfgrbhovorih,bogjbdyibnagibqyfdibzogbd.mgfgrbyfhbuockbh.jjignx
agbdyibyiojw.omdimh,bagbminfis,bagbdya.rydhbasbyazi--limyolh;bhiddfgr
yfhbsocibdaqomjhbdyibjildyhbasbdyibqfnjimgihh,bdaqomjhbyfhbizldxbogj
jihanodibhdodfagpbFbjfjbgadbkgaqbdyibzadfvipbLimyolhbyibqohb .hdbhfzlnx
obsfgibsinnaqbqyabhd.ckbdabyfhbqamkbsambfdhbaqgbhokipbYfhbgozi,bxa.
.gjimhdogj,byojbgadbuiigblmaga.gcijbagcipbYibqohb'dyodbzogp'bDyi
yons-cohdi,bqya,bohbsombohbFbca.njbhii,byojbcagj.cdijbobjfssfc.nd
dmflbqfdybrmiodblm.jigcibogjbln.ck,bqohbfgvomfounxbonn.jijbdabohb'dyod
hca.gjminp'bDyib'hca.gjmin'byojbmilamdijbdyodbdyib'zog'byojbuiigbvimx
fnn--yojbmicavimijbfzlimsicdnxppppbDyibdqabuinaqbzibzavijboqoxbdyigbo
siqblocih,bogjbhdmannijbuockbogjbsamdybodbhazibnfddnibjfhdogcipbFbyiomj:
'Zfnfdomxblahd--jacdam--dqaby.gjmijbzfnih--w.fdibonagibgaq--.govafjouni
jinoxh--gfgibzagdyh--gabgiqh--hdmogribm.za.mhp'bDyixbollmaocyijborofg,
 .hdbohbdyibzogorimbqohbhoxfgr,b'Gabagi,bohbsombohbFbkgaq,b.gnihhbo
hlicfihbasbqogjimfgrbdmojim--oblihdfnigdfonbsinnaq,bhgollfgrbfvamx
smazbdyibgodfvihp'bQyabqohbfdbdyixbqimibdonkfgrboua.dbgaq?bFbrodyimijbfg
hgodcyihbdyodbdyfhbqohbhazibzogbh.llahijbdabuibfgbK.mdt'hbjfhdmfcd,bogj
asbqyazbdyibzogorimbjfjbgadbollmavipb'Qibqfnnbgadbuibsmiibsmazb.gsofm
cazlidfdfagbdfnnbagibasbdyihibsinnaqhbfhbyogrijbsambogbieozlni,'
yibhofjpb'Cimdofgnx,'brm.gdijbdyibadyim;b'ridbyfzbyogrij!bQyxbgad?
Ogxdyfgr--ogxdyfgrbcogbuibjagibfgbdyfhbca.gdmxpbDyod'hbqyodbFbhox;
gauajxbyimi,bxa.b.gjimhdogj,b_yimi_,bcogbigjogrimbxa.mblahfdfagpbOgjbqyx?
Xa.bhdogjbdyibcnfzodi--xa.ba.dnohdbdyizbonnpbDyibjogrimbfhbfgbI.mali;
u.dbdyimibuisamibFbnisdbFbdaakbcomibda--'bDyixbzavijbassbogjbqyfhlimij,
dyigbdyifmbvafcihbmahiborofgpb'Dyibiedmoamjfgomxbhimfihbasbjinoxhbfh
gadbzxbso.ndpbFbjfjbzxbuihdp'bDyibsodbzogbhfryijpb'Vimxbhojp'b'Ogjbdyi
lihdfsima.hbouh.mjfdxbasbyfhbdonk,'bcagdfg.ijbdyibadyim;b'yibuadyimij
zibiga.rybqyigbyibqohbyimipb“Iocybhdodfagbhya.njbuibnfkibobuiocagbagbdyi
maojbdaqomjhbuiddimbdyfgrh,bobcigdmibsambdmojibasbca.mhi,bu.dbonhabsam
y.zogftfgr,bfzlmavfgr,bfghdm.cdfgrp”bCagcifvibxa.--dyodbohh!bOgj
yibqogdhbdabuibzogorim!bGa,bfd'h--'bYimibyibradbcyakijbuxbiecihhfvi
fgjfrgodfag,bogjbFbnfsdijbzxbyiojbdyibniohdbufdpbFbqohbh.mlmfhijbdabhii
yaqbgiombdyixbqimi--mfrydb.gjimbzipbFbca.njbyovibhlodb.lagbdyifmbyodhp
Dyixbqimibnaakfgrbagbdyibrma.gj,bouhamuijbfgbdya.rydpbDyibzogorimbqoh
hqfdcyfgrbyfhbnirbqfdybobhnigjimbdqfr:byfhbhorocfa.hbminodfvibnfsdijbyfh
yiojpb'Xa.byovibuiigbqinnbhfgcibxa.bcoziba.dbdyfhbdfzi?'byibohkijpbDyi
adyimbrovibobhdomdpb'Qya?bF?bAy!bNfkibobcyomz--nfkibobcyomzpbU.dbdyi
mihd--ay,bzxbraajgihh!bOnnbhfckpbDyixbjfibhabw.fck,bdaa,bdyodbFbyovig'd
dyibdfzibdabhigjbdyizba.dbasbdyibca.gdmx--fd'hbfgcmijfuni!'b'Yz'zp
 .hdbha,'brm.gdijbdyib.gcnipb'Oy!bzxbuax,bdm.hdbdabdyfh--Fbhox,bdm.hdbda
dyfhp'bFbhoqbyfzbiedigjbyfhbhyamdbsnfllimbasbogbomzbsambobrihd.mibdyod
daakbfgbdyibsamihd,bdyibcmiik,bdyibz.j,bdyibmfvim--hiizijbdabuickag
qfdybobjfhyaga.mfgrbsna.mfhybuisamibdyibh.gnfdbsocibasbdyibnogjbo
dmiocyima.hbollionbdabdyibn.mkfgrbjiody,bdabdyibyfjjigbivfn,bdabdyi
lmasa.gjbjomkgihhbasbfdhbyiomdpbFdbqohbhabhdomdnfgrbdyodbFbniolijbdabzx
siidbogjbnaakijbuockbodbdyibijribasbdyibsamihd,bohbdya.rybFbyojbielicdij
ogboghqimbasbhazibhamdbdabdyodbunockbjfhlnoxbasbcagsfjigcipbXa.bkgaq
dyibsaanfhybgadfaghbdyodbcazibdabagibhazidfzihpbDyibyfrybhdfnngihh
cagsmagdijbdyihibdqabsfr.mihbqfdybfdhbazfga.hblodfigci,bqofdfgrbsambdyi
lohhfgrboqoxbasbobsogdohdfcbfgvohfagp

“Dyixbhqamibona.jbdaridyim--a.dbasbhyiimbsmfryd,bFbuinfivi--dyig
lmidigjfgrbgadbdabkgaqbogxdyfgrbasbzxbiefhdigci,bd.mgijbuockbdabdyi
hdodfagpbDyibh.gbqohbnaq;bogjbniogfgrbsamqomjbhfjibuxbhfji,bdyixbhiizij
dabuibd.rrfgrblofgs.nnxb.lyfnnbdyifmbdqabmfjfc.na.hbhyojaqhbasb.giw.on
nigrdy,bdyodbdmofnijbuiyfgjbdyizbhnaqnxbavimbdyibdonnbrmohhbqfdya.d
uigjfgrbobhfgrnibunojip

“FgbobsiqbjoxhbdyibInjamojabIelijfdfagbqigdbfgdabdyiblodfigdbqfnjimgihh,
dyodbcnahijb.lagbfdbohbdyibhiobcnahihbavimbobjfvimpbNagrbosdimqomjhbdyi
giqhbcozibdyodbonnbdyibjagkixhbqimibjiojpbFbkgaqbgadyfgrbohbdabdyibsodi
asbdyibnihhbvon.ounibogfzonhpbDyix,bgabja.ud,bnfkibdyibmihdbasb.h,bsa.gj
qyodbdyixbjihimvijpbFbjfjbgadbfgw.fmipbFbqohbdyigbmodyimbiecfdijbod
dyiblmahlicdbasbziidfgrbK.mdtbvimxbhaagpbQyigbFbhoxbvimxbhaagbFbziog
fdbcazlomodfvinxpbFdbqohb .hdbdqabzagdyhbsmazbdyibjoxbqibnisdbdyibcmiik
qyigbqibcozibdabdyibuogkbuinaqbK.mdt'hbhdodfagp

“Rafgrb.lbdyodbmfvimbqohbnfkibdmovinfgrbuockbdabdyibiomnfihdbuirfggfgrh
asbdyibqamnj,bqyigbviridodfagbmfadijbagbdyibiomdybogjbdyibufrbdmiihbqimi
kfgrhpbOgbizldxbhdmioz,bobrmiodbhfnigci,bogbfzligidmounibsamihdpbDyibofm
qohbqomz,bdyfck,byiovx,bhn.rrfhypbDyimibqohbgab axbfgbdyibumfnnfogcibas
h.ghyfgipbDyibnagrbhdmidcyihbasbdyibqodimqoxbmogbag,bjihimdij,bfgda
dyibrnaazbasbavimhyojaqijbjfhdogcihpbAgbhfnvimxbhogj-uogkhbyfllahbogj
onnfrodamhbh.ggijbdyizhinvihbhfjibuxbhfjipbDyibumaojigfgrbqodimhbsnaqij
dyma.rybobzaubasbqaajijbfhnogjh;bxa.bnahdbxa.mbqoxbagbdyodbmfvimbohbxa.
qa.njbfgbobjihimd,bogjbu.ddijbonnbjoxbnagrborofghdbhyaonh,bdmxfgrbda
sfgjbdyibcyoggin,bdfnnbxa.bdya.rydbxa.mhinsbuiqfdcyijbogjbc.dbassbsam
ivimbsmazbivimxdyfgrbxa.byojbkgaqgbagci--haziqyimi--somboqox--fgbogadyim
iefhdigciblimyolhpbDyimibqimibzazigdhbqyigbagi'hblohdbcozibuockbdabagi,
ohbfdbqfnnbhazidfzihbqyigbxa.byovibgadbobzazigdbdabhlomibsambxa.mhins;
u.dbfdbcozibfgbdyibhyolibasbogb.gmihds.nbogjbgafhxbjmioz,bmizizuimij
qfdybqagjimbozagrhdbdyibavimqyinzfgrbmionfdfihbasbdyfhbhdmogribqamnjbas
lnogdh,bogjbqodim,bogjbhfnigcipbOgjbdyfhbhdfnngihhbasbnfsibjfjbgadbfg
dyibniohdbmihizunibobliocipbFdbqohbdyibhdfnngihhbasbogbfzlnocounibsamci
umaajfgrbavimbogbfghcm.dounibfgdigdfagpbFdbnaakijbodbxa.bqfdybobvigris.n
ohlicdpbFbradb.hijbdabfdbosdimqomjh;bFbjfjbgadbhiibfdbogxbzami;bFbyojbga
dfzipbFbyojbdabkiilbr.ihhfgrbodbdyibcyoggin;bFbyojbdabjfhcimg,bzahdnxbux
fghlfmodfag,bdyibhfrghbasbyfjjigbuogkh;bFbqodcyijbsambh.gkigbhdagih;bF
qohbniomgfgrbdabcnolbzxbdiidybhzomdnxbuisamibzxbyiomdbsniqba.d,bqyigbF
hyovijbuxbobsn.kibhazibfgsimgonbhnxbanjbhgorbdyodbqa.njbyovibmfllijbdyi
nfsiba.dbasbdyibdfg-ladbhdiozuaodbogjbjmaqgijbonnbdyiblfnrmfzh;bFbyojbda
kiilbobnaaka.dbsambdyibhfrghbasbjiojbqaajbqibca.njbc.db.lbfgbdyibgfryd
sambgiedbjox'hbhdiozfgrpbQyigbxa.byovibdaboddigjbdabdyfgrhbasbdyodbhamd,
dabdyibzimibfgcfjigdhbasbdyibh.msoci,bdyibmionfdx--dyibmionfdx,bFbdinn
xa.--sojihpbDyibfggimbdm.dybfhbyfjjig--n.ckfnx,bn.ckfnxpbU.dbFbsindbfd
onnbdyibhozi;bFbsindbasdigbfdhbzxhdimfa.hbhdfnngihhbqodcyfgrbzibod
zxbzagkixbdmfckh,b .hdbohbfdbqodcyihbxa.bsinnaqhblimsamzfgrbagbxa.m
mihlicdfvibdfryd-malihbsam--qyodbfhbfd?byons-o-cmaqgbobd.zuni--”

“Dmxbdabuibcfvfn,bZomnaq,”brmaqnijbobvafci,bogjbFbkgiqbdyimibqohbod
niohdbagibnfhdigimboqokibuihfjihbzxhinsp

“Fbuirbxa.mblomjagpbFbsamradbdyibyiomdocyibqyfcybzokihb.lbdyibmihdbas
dyiblmfcipbOgjbfgjiijbqyodbjaihbdyiblmfcibzoddim,bfsbdyibdmfckbuibqinn
jagi?bXa.bjabxa.mbdmfckhbvimxbqinnpbOgjbFbjfjg'dbjabuojnxbifdyim,bhfgci
FbzogorijbgadbdabhfgkbdyodbhdiozuaodbagbzxbsfmhdbdmflpbFd'hbobqagjimbda
zibxidpbFzorfgibobunfgjsanjijbzogbhidbdabjmfvibobvogbavimbobuojbmaojp
Fbhqiodijbogjbhyfvimijbavimbdyodbu.hfgihhbcaghfjimounx,bFbcogbdinn
xa.pbOsdimbonn,bsambobhiozog,bdabhcmolibdyibuaddazbasbdyibdyfgrbdyod'h
h.llahijbdabsnaodbonnbdyibdfzib.gjimbyfhbcomibfhbdyib.glomjagounibhfgp
Gabagibzoxbkgaqbasbfd,bu.dbxa.bgivimbsamridbdyibdy.zl--iy?bObunaqbagbdyi
vimxbyiomdpbXa.bmizizuimbfd,bxa.bjmiozbasbfd,bxa.bqokib.lbodbgfrydbogj
dyfgkbasbfd--xiomhbosdim--ogjbrabyadbogjbcanjbonnbavimpbFbjag'dblmidigj
dabhoxbdyodbhdiozuaodbsnaodijbonnbdyibdfzipbZamibdyogbagcibhyibyojbda
qojibsambobufd,bqfdybdqigdxbcoggfuonhbhlnohyfgrboma.gjbogjbl.hyfgrp
QibyojbignfhdijbhazibasbdyihibcyolhbagbdyibqoxbsambobcmiqpbSfgi
sinnaqh--coggfuonh--fgbdyifmblnocipbDyixbqimibzigbagibca.njbqamkbqfdy,
ogjbFbozbrmodis.nbdabdyizpbOgj,bosdimbonn,bdyixbjfjbgadbiodbiocybadyim
uisamibzxbsoci:bdyixbyojbuma.rydbonagrboblmavfhfagbasbyflla-ziod
qyfcybqigdbmaddig,bogjbzojibdyibzxhdimxbasbdyibqfnjimgihhbhdfgkbfgbzx
gahdmfnhpbLyaa!bFbcogbhgfssbfdbgaqpbFbyojbdyibzogorimbagbuaomjbogjbdymii
ambsa.mblfnrmfzhbqfdybdyifmbhdovih--onnbcazlnidipbHazidfzihbqibcozi
.lagbobhdodfagbcnahibuxbdyibuogk,bcnfgrfgrbdabdyibhkfmdhbasbdyib.gkgaqg,
ogjbdyibqyfdibzigbm.hyfgrba.dbasbobd.zuni-jaqgbyavin,bqfdybrmiod
rihd.mihbasb axbogjbh.mlmfhibogjbqincazi,bhiizijbvimxbhdmogri--yojbdyi
olliomogcibasbuifgrbyinjbdyimibcoldfvibuxbobhlinnpbDyibqamjbfvamxbqa.nj
mfgrbfgbdyibofmbsambobqyfni--ogjbagbqibqigdborofgbfgdabdyibhfnigci,
onagrbizldxbmiocyih,bma.gjbdyibhdfnnbuigjh,buidqiigbdyibyfrybqonnhbas
a.mbqfgjfgrbqox,bmivimuimodfgrbfgbyannaqbcnolhbdyiblagjima.hbuiodbasbdyi
hdimg-qyiinpbDmiih,bdmiih,bzfnnfaghbasbdmiih,bzohhfvi,bfzzighi,bm.ggfgr
.lbyfry;bogjbodbdyifmbsaad,by.rrfgrbdyibuogkborofghdbdyibhdmioz,bcmild
dyibnfddnibuirmfzijbhdiozuaod,bnfkibobhn.rrfhybuiidnibcmoqnfgrbagbdyi
snaambasbobnasdxblamdfcapbFdbzojibxa.bsiinbvimxbhzonn,bvimxbnahd,bogj
xidbfdbqohbgadbondaridyimbjilmihhfgr,bdyodbsiinfgrpbOsdimbonn,bfsbxa.
qimibhzonn,bdyibrmfzxbuiidnibcmoqnijbag--qyfcybqohb .hdbqyodbxa.bqogdij
fdbdabjapbQyimibdyiblfnrmfzhbfzorfgijbfdbcmoqnijbdabFbjag'dbkgaqp
DabhaziblnocibqyimibdyixbielicdijbdabridbhazidyfgrpbFbuid!bSambzibfd
cmoqnijbdaqomjhbK.mdt--iecn.hfvinx;bu.dbqyigbdyibhdioz-lflihbhdomdij
niokfgrbqibcmoqnijbvimxbhnaqpbDyibmiocyihbaligijbuisamib.hbogjbcnahij
uiyfgj,bohbfsbdyibsamihdbyojbhdillijbnifh.minxbocmahhbdyibqodimbdabuom
dyibqoxbsamba.mbmid.mgpbQibligidmodijbjiilimbogjbjiilimbfgdabdyibyiomd
asbjomkgihhpbFdbqohbvimxbw.fidbdyimipbOdbgfrydbhazidfzihbdyibmannbas
jm.zhbuiyfgjbdyibc.mdofgbasbdmiihbqa.njbm.gb.lbdyibmfvimbogjbmizofg
h.hdofgijbsofgdnx,bohbfsbyavimfgrbfgbdyibofmbyfrybavimba.mbyiojh,bdfnn
dyibsfmhdbumiokbasbjoxpbQyidyimbfdbziogdbqom,blioci,bamblmoximbqibca.nj
gadbdinnpbDyibjoqghbqimibyimonjijbuxbdyibjihcigdbasbobcyfnnbhdfnngihh;
dyibqaaj-c.ddimhbhnild,bdyifmbsfmihbu.mgijbnaq;bdyibhgollfgrbasbobdqfr
qa.njbzokibxa.bhdomdpbQibqimibqogjimimhbagboblmiyfhdamfcbiomdy,bagbog
iomdybdyodbqamibdyibohlicdbasbogb.gkgaqgblnogidpbQibca.njbyovibsogcfij
a.mhinvihbdyibsfmhdbasbzigbdokfgrblahhihhfagbasbogbocc.mhijbfgyimfdogci,
dabuibh.uj.ijbodbdyibcahdbasblmasa.gjbogr.fhybogjbasbiecihhfvibdafnpbU.d
h.jjignx,bohbqibhdm.rrnijbma.gjbobuigj,bdyimibqa.njbuibobrnfzlhibasbm.hy
qonnh,basbliokijbrmohh-maash,bobu.mhdbasbxinnh,bobqyfmnbasbunockbnfzuh,
obzohhbasbyogjhbcnollfgrbasbsiidbhdozlfgr,basbuajfihbhqoxfgr,basbixih
mannfgr,b.gjimbdyibjmaalbasbyiovxbogjbzadfagnihhbsanforipbDyibhdiozim
dafnijbonagrbhnaqnxbagbdyibijribasbobunockbogjbfgcazlmiyighfunibsmigtxp
Dyiblmiyfhdamfcbzogbqohbc.mhfgrb.h,blmoxfgrbdab.h,bqincazfgrb.h--qya
ca.njbdinn?bQibqimibc.dbassbsmazbdyibcazlmiyighfagbasba.mbh.mma.gjfgrh;
qibrnfjijblohdbnfkiblyogdazh,bqagjimfgrbogjbhicmidnxbollonnij,bohbhogi
zigbqa.njbuibuisamibogbigdy.hfohdfcba.dumiokbfgbobzojya.hipbQibca.nj
gadb.gjimhdogjbuico.hibqibqimibdaabsombogjbca.njbgadbmizizuimbuico.hibqi
qimibdmovinnfgrbfgbdyibgfrydbasbsfmhdborih,basbdyahiborihbdyodbomibragi,
niovfgrbyomjnxbobhfrg--ogjbgabzizamfihp

“Dyibiomdybhiizijb.giomdynxpbQibomibocc.hdazijbdabnaakb.lagbdyibhyocknij
samzbasbobcagw.imijbzaghdim,bu.dbdyimi--dyimibxa.bca.njbnaakbodbobdyfgr
zaghdma.hbogjbsmiipbFdbqohb.giomdynx,bogjbdyibzigbqimi--Ga,bdyixbqimi
gadbfgy.zogpbQinn,bxa.bkgaq,bdyodbqohbdyibqamhdbasbfd--dyfhbh.hlfcfag
asbdyifmbgadbuifgrbfgy.zogpbFdbqa.njbcazibhnaqnxbdabagipbDyixbyaqnijbogj
niolij,bogjbhl.g,bogjbzojibyammfjbsocih;bu.dbqyodbdymfnnijbxa.bqohb .hd
dyibdya.rydbasbdyifmby.zogfdx--nfkibxa.mh--dyibdya.rydbasbxa.mbmizadi
kfghyflbqfdybdyfhbqfnjbogjblohhfagodib.lmaompb.rnxpbXih,bfdbqohb.rnx
iga.ry;bu.dbfsbxa.bqimibzogbiga.rybxa.bqa.njbojzfdbdabxa.mhinsbdyod
dyimibqohbfgbxa.b .hdbdyibsofgdihdbdmocibasbobmihlaghibdabdyibdimmfuni
smogkgihhbasbdyodbgafhi,bobjfzbh.hlfcfagbasbdyimibuifgrbobziogfgrbfgbfd
qyfcybxa.--xa.bhabmizadibsmazbdyibgfrydbasbsfmhdborih--ca.njbcazlmiyigjp
Ogjbqyxbgad?bDyibzfgjbasbzogbfhbcolounibasbogxdyfgr--uico.hibivimxdyfgr
fhbfgbfd,bonnbdyiblohdbohbqinnbohbonnbdyibs.d.mipbQyodbqohbdyimibosdim
onn?b ax,bsiom,bhammaq,bjivadfag,bvona.m,bmori--qyabcogbdinn?--u.d
dm.dy--dm.dybhdmfllijbasbfdhbcnaokbasbdfzipbNidbdyibsaanbrolibogj
hy.jjim--dyibzogbkgaqh,bogjbcogbnaakbagbqfdya.dbobqfgkpbU.dbyibz.hdbod
niohdbuibohbz.cybasbobzogbohbdyihibagbdyibhyamipbYibz.hdbziidbdyodbdm.dy
qfdybyfhbaqgbdm.ibhd.ss--qfdybyfhbaqgbfguamgbhdmigrdypbLmfgcflnihbqag'd
japbOcw.fhfdfagh,bcnadyih,blmiddxbmorh--morhbdyodbqa.njbsnxbassbodbdyi
sfmhdbraajbhyokipbGa;bxa.bqogdbobjinfuimodibuinfispbOgbollionbdabzibfg
dyfhbsfigjfhybmaq--fhbdyimi?bVimxbqinn;bFbyiom;bFbojzfd,bu.dbFbyovi
obvafci,bdaa,bogjbsambraajbambivfnbzfgibfhbdyibhliicybdyodbcoggadbui
hfnigcijpbAsbca.mhi,bobsaan,bqyodbqfdybhyiimbsmfrydbogjbsfgibhigdfzigdh,
fhbonqoxhbhosipbQya'hbdyodbrm.gdfgr?bXa.bqagjimbFbjfjg'dbrabohyamibsam
obyaqnbogjbobjogci?bQinn,bga--Fbjfjg'dpbSfgibhigdfzigdh,bxa.bhox?
Sfgibhigdfzigdh,buibyogrij!bFbyojbgabdfzipbFbyojbdabzihhboua.dbqfdy
qyfdi-niojbogjbhdmflhbasbqaanigbunogkidbyinlfgrbdabl.dbuogjorihbag
dyahibniokxbhdioz-lflih--Fbdinnbxa.pbFbyojbdabqodcybdyibhdiimfgr,bogj
cfmc.zvigdbdyahibhgorh,bogjbridbdyibdfg-ladbonagrbuxbyaakbambuxbcmaakp
Dyimibqohbh.msoci-dm.dybiga.rybfgbdyihibdyfgrhbdabhovibobqfhimbzogpbOgj
uidqiigbqyfnihbFbyojbdabnaakbosdimbdyibhovoribqyabqohbsfmizogpbYibqoh
ogbfzlmavijbhlicfzig;byibca.njbsfmib.lbobvimdfconbuafnimpbYibqohbdyimi
uinaqbzi,bogj,b.lagbzxbqamj,bdabnaakbodbyfzbqohbohbijfsxfgrbohbhiifgrbo
jarbfgboblomajxbasbumiicyihbogjbobsiodyimbyod,bqonkfgrbagbyfhbyfgj-nirhp
ObsiqbzagdyhbasbdmofgfgrbyojbjagibsambdyodbmionnxbsfgibcyolpbYibhw.fgdij
odbdyibhdioz-ro.ribogjbodbdyibqodim-ro.ribqfdybogbivfjigdbissamdbas
fgdmilfjfdx--ogjbyibyojbsfnijbdiidy,bdaa,bdyiblaambjivfn,bogjbdyibqaan
asbyfhblodibhyovijbfgdabw.iimbloddimgh,bogjbdymiibamgozigdonbhcomh
agbiocybasbyfhbcyiikhpbYiba.rydbdabyovibuiigbcnollfgrbyfhbyogjhbogj
hdozlfgrbyfhbsiidbagbdyibuogk,bfghdiojbasbqyfcybyibqohbyomjbodbqamk,bo
dymonnbdabhdmogribqfdcycmosd,bs.nnbasbfzlmavfgrbkgaqnijripbYibqohb.his.n
uico.hibyibyojbuiigbfghdm.cdij;bogjbqyodbyibkgiqbqohbdyfh--dyodbhya.nj
dyibqodimbfgbdyodbdmoghlomigdbdyfgrbjfholliom,bdyibivfnbhlfmfdbfghfji
dyibuafnimbqa.njbridbogrmxbdyma.rybdyibrmiodgihhbasbyfhbdyfmhd,bogjbdoki
obdimmfunibvigriogcipbHabyibhqiodijbogjbsfmijb.lbogjbqodcyijbdyibrnohh
sioms.nnxb(qfdybogbfzlmazld.bcyomz,bzojibasbmorh,bdfijbdabyfhbomz,bogj
oblficibasblanfhyijbuagi,bohbufrbohbobqodcy,bhd.ckbsnodqoxhbdyma.rybyfh
naqimbnfl),bqyfnibdyibqaajijbuogkhbhnfllijblohdb.hbhnaqnx,bdyibhyamd
gafhibqohbnisdbuiyfgj,bdyibfgdimzfgounibzfnihbasbhfnigci--ogjbqibcmild
ag,bdaqomjhbK.mdtpbU.dbdyibhgorhbqimibdyfck,bdyibqodimbqohbdmiocyima.h
ogjbhyonnaq,bdyibuafnimbhiizijbfgjiijbdabyovibobh.nkxbjivfnbfgbfd,bogj
dy.hbgifdyimbdyodbsfmizogbgambFbyojbogxbdfzibdabliimbfgdaba.mbcmiilx
dya.rydhp

“HazibsfsdxbzfnihbuinaqbdyibFggimbHdodfagbqibcozib.lagboby.dbasbmiijh,
ogbfgcnfgijbogjbzinogcyanxblani,bqfdybdyib.gmicargftounibdoddimhbas
qyodbyojbuiigbobsnorbasbhazibhamdbsnxfgrbsmazbfd,bogjbobgiodnxbhdockij
qaaj-lfnipbDyfhbqohb.gielicdijpbQibcozibdabdyibuogk,bogjbagbdyibhdockbas
sfmiqaajbsa.gjbobsnodblficibasbuaomjbqfdybhazibsojijbligcfn-qmfdfgr
agbfdpbQyigbjicflyimijbfdbhofj:b'Qaajbsambxa.pbY.mmxb.lpbOllmaocy
co.dfa.hnxp'bDyimibqohbobhfrgod.mi,bu.dbfdbqohbfnnirfuni--gad
K.mdt--obz.cybnagrimbqamjpb'Y.mmxb.lp'bQyimi?b.lbdyibmfvim?b'Ollmaocy
co.dfa.hnxp'bQibyojbgadbjagibhapbU.dbdyibqomgfgrbca.njbgadbyovibuiig
ziogdbsambdyiblnocibqyimibfdbca.njbuibagnxbsa.gjbosdimbollmaocyp
HazidyfgrbqohbqmagrbouavipbU.dbqyod--ogjbyaqbz.cy?bDyodbqohbdyi
w.ihdfagpbQibcazzigdijbojvimhinxb.lagbdyibfzuicfnfdxbasbdyodbdinirmolyfc
hdxnipbDyibu.hyboma.gjbhofjbgadyfgr,bogjbqa.njbgadbnidb.hbnaakbvimxbsom,
ifdyimpbObdamgbc.mdofgbasbmijbdqfnnby.grbfgbdyibjaamqoxbasbdyiby.d,bogj
snollijbhojnxbfgba.mbsocihpbDyibjqinnfgrbqohbjfhzogdnij;bu.dbqibca.nj
hiibobqyfdibzogbyojbnfvijbdyimibgadbvimxbnagrborapbDyimibmizofgijbobm.ji
douni--oblnogkbagbdqablahdh;bobyiolbasbm.uufhybmilahijbfgbobjomkbcamgim,
ogjbuxbdyibjaambFblfckijb.lbobuaakpbFdbyojbnahdbfdhbcavimh,bogjbdyi
lorihbyojbuiigbdy.zuijbfgdabobhdodibasbiedmizinxbjfmdxbhasdgihh;bu.dbdyi
uockbyojbuiigbnavfgrnxbhdfdcyijbosmihybqfdybqyfdibcaddagbdymioj,bqyfcy
naakijbcniogbxidpbFdbqohbogbiedmoamjfgomxbsfgjpbFdhbdfdnibqoh,b_Og
Fgw.fmxbfgdabhazibLafgdhbasbHiozoghyfl_,buxbobzogbDaqhim,bDaqhag--hazi
h.cybgozi--ZohdimbfgbyfhbZo ihdx'hbGovxpbDyibzoddimbnaakijbjmiomx
miojfgrbiga.ry,bqfdybfnn.hdmodfvibjformozhbogjbmil.nhfvibdounihbas
sfr.mih,bogjbdyibcalxbqohbhfedxbxiomhbanjpbFbyogjnijbdyfhbozotfgr
ogdfw.fdxbqfdybdyibrmiodihdblahhfunibdigjimgihh,bnihdbfdbhya.njbjfhhanvi
fgbzxbyogjhpbQfdyfg,bDaqhagbambDaqhimbqohbfgw.fmfgrbiomgihdnxbfgdabdyi
umiokfgrbhdmofgbasbhyflh'bcyofghbogjbdockni,bogjbadyimbh.cybzoddimhpbGad
obvimxbigdymonnfgrbuaak;bu.dbodbdyibsfmhdbrnogcibxa.bca.njbhiibdyimibo
hfgrnigihhbasbfgdigdfag,bogbyagihdbcagcimgbsambdyibmfrydbqoxbasbrafgr
dabqamk,bqyfcybzojibdyihiby.zuniblorih,bdya.rydba.dbhabzogxbxiomhbora,
n.zfga.hbqfdybogadyimbdyogboblmasihhfagonbnfrydpbDyibhfzlnibanjbhofnam,
qfdybyfhbdonkbasbcyofghbogjbl.mcyohih,bzojibzibsamridbdyib .grnibogj
dyiblfnrmfzhbfgbobjinfcfa.hbhighodfagbasbyovfgrbcazib.lagbhazidyfgr
.gzfhdokounxbmionpbH.cybobuaakbuifgrbdyimibqohbqagjims.nbiga.ry;bu.d
hdfnnbzamibohda.gjfgrbqimibdyibgadihbligcfnnijbfgbdyibzomrfg,bogj
lnofgnxbmisimmfgrbdabdyibdiedpbFbca.njg'dbuinfivibzxbixih!bDyixbqimibfg
cflyim!bXih,bfdbnaakijbnfkibcflyimpbSogcxbobzogbn.rrfgrbqfdybyfzbo
uaakbasbdyodbjihcmfldfagbfgdabdyfhbgaqyimibogjbhd.jxfgrbfd--ogjbzokfgr
gadih--fgbcflyimbodbdyod!bFdbqohbogbiedmovorogdbzxhdimxp

“Fbyojbuiigbjfznxboqomibsambhazibdfzibasbobqammxfgrbgafhi,bogjbqyigbF
nfsdijbzxbixihbFbhoqbdyibqaaj-lfnibqohbragi,bogjbdyibzogorim,bofjijbux
onnbdyiblfnrmfzh,bqohbhya.dfgrbodbzibsmazbdyibmfvimhfjipbFbhnfllijbdyi
uaakbfgdabzxblackidpbFbohh.mibxa.bdabniovibassbmiojfgrbqohbnfkibdiomfgr
zxhinsboqoxbsmazbdyibhyindimbasbogbanjbogjbhanfjbsmfigjhyflp

“Fbhdomdijbdyibnozibigrfgiboyiojpb'Fdbz.hdbuibdyfhbzfhimounibdmojim--dyfh
fgdm.jim,'biecnofzijbdyibzogorim,bnaakfgrbuockbzonivanigdnxbodbdyiblnoci
qibyojbnisdpb'Yibz.hdbuibIgrnfhy,'bFbhofjpb'Fdbqfnnbgadbhovibyfzbsmaz
riddfgrbfgdabdma.unibfsbyibfhbgadbcomis.n,'bz.ddimijbdyibzogorimbjomknxp
Fbauhimvijbqfdybohh.zijbfggacigcibdyodbgabzogbqohbhosibsmazbdma.unibfg
dyfhbqamnjp

“Dyibc.mmigdbqohbzamibmolfjbgaq,bdyibhdiozimbhiizijbodbyimbnohdbrohl,
dyibhdimg-qyiinbsnallijbnogr.fjnx,bogjbFbco.rydbzxhinsbnfhdigfgrbag
dfldaibsambdyibgiedbuiodbasbdyibuaod,bsambfgbhauimbdm.dybFbielicdijbdyi
qmidcyijbdyfgrbdabrfvib.lbivimxbzazigdpbFdbqohbnfkibqodcyfgrbdyibnohd
snfckimhbasbobnfsipbU.dbhdfnnbqibcmoqnijpbHazidfzihbFbqa.njblfckba.dbo
dmiibobnfddnibqoxboyiojbdabzioh.miba.mblmarmihhbdaqomjhbK.mdtbux,bu.d
FbnahdbfdbfgvomfounxbuisamibqibradboumiohdpbDabkiilbdyibixihbhabnagr
agbagibdyfgrbqohbdaabz.cybsamby.zogblodfigcipbDyibzogorimbjfhlnoxij
obuio.dfs.nbmihfrgodfagpbFbsmiddijbogjbs.zijbogjbdaakbdabomr.fgrbqfdy
zxhinsbqyidyimbambgabFbqa.njbdonkbalignxbqfdybK.mdt;bu.dbuisamibFbca.nj
cazibdabogxbcagcn.hfagbfdbacc.mmijbdabzibdyodbzxbhliicybambzxbhfnigci,
fgjiijbogxbocdfagbasbzfgi,bqa.njbuibobzimibs.dfnfdxpbQyodbjfjbfdbzoddim
qyodbogxbagibkgiqbambfrgamij?bQyodbjfjbfdbzoddimbqyabqohbzogorim?bAgi
ridhbhazidfzihbh.cybobsnohybasbfghfrydpbDyibihhigdfonhbasbdyfhbossofm
noxbjiilb.gjimbdyibh.msoci,buixagjbzxbmiocy,bogjbuixagjbzxblaqimbas
zijjnfgrp

“Daqomjhbdyibivigfgrbasbdyibhicagjbjoxbqib .jrijba.mhinvihboua.dbifryd
zfnihbsmazbK.mdt'hbhdodfagpbFbqogdijbdabl.hybag;bu.dbdyibzogorimbnaakij
rmovi,bogjbdanjbzibdyibgovfrodfagb.lbdyimibqohbhabjogrima.hbdyodbfd
qa.njbuibojvfhouni,bdyibh.gbuifgrbvimxbnaqbonmiojx,bdabqofdbqyimibqi
qimibdfnnbgiedbzamgfgrpbZamiavim,byiblafgdijba.dbdyodbfsbdyibqomgfgr
dabollmaocybco.dfa.hnxbqimibdabuibsannaqij,bqibz.hdbollmaocybfg
joxnfryd--gadbodbj.hkbambfgbdyibjomkpbDyfhbqohbhighfunibiga.rypbIfryd
zfnihbziogdbgiomnxbdymiibya.mh'bhdiozfgrbsamb.h,bogjbFbca.njbonhabhii
h.hlfcfa.hbmfllnihbodbdyib.llimbigjbasbdyibmiocypbGivimdyinihh,bFbqoh
oggaxijbuixagjbielmihhfagbodbdyibjinox,bogjbzahdb.gmiohagounx,bdaa,
hfgcibagibgfrydbzamibca.njbgadbzoddimbz.cybosdimbhabzogxbzagdyhpbOhbqi
yojblnigdxbasbqaaj,bogjbco.dfagbqohbdyibqamj,bFbuma.rydb.lbfgbdyibzfjjni
asbdyibhdmiozpbDyibmiocybqohbgommaq,bhdmofryd,bqfdybyfrybhfjihbnfkibo
mofnqoxbc.ddfgrpbDyibj.hkbcozibrnfjfgrbfgdabfdbnagrbuisamibdyibh.gbyoj
hidpbDyibc.mmigdbmogbhzaadybogjbhqfsd,bu.dbobj.zubfzzaufnfdxbhodbagbdyi
uogkhpbDyibnfvfgrbdmiih,bnohyijbdaridyimbuxbdyibcmiilimhbogjbivimx
nfvfgrbu.hybasbdyib.gjimrmaqdy,bzfrydbyovibuiigbcyogrijbfgdabhdagi,bivig
dabdyibhnigjimihdbdqfr,bdabdyibnfrydihdbniospbFdbqohbgadbhniil--fd
hiizijb.ggod.mon,bnfkibobhdodibasbdmogcipbGadbdyibsofgdihdbha.gjbasbogx
kfgjbca.njbuibyiomjpbXa.bnaakijbagbozotij,bogjbuirogbdabh.hlicdbxa.mhins
asbuifgrbjios--dyigbdyibgfrydbcozibh.jjignx,bogjbhdm.ckbxa.bunfgjboh
qinnpbOua.dbdymiibfgbdyibzamgfgrbhazibnomribsfhybniolij,bogjbdyibna.j
hlnohybzojibzib .zlbohbdya.rybobr.gbyojbuiigbsfmijpbQyigbdyibh.gbmahi
dyimibqohbobqyfdibsar,bvimxbqomzbogjbcnozzx,bogjbzamibunfgjfgrbdyogbdyi
gfrydpbFdbjfjbgadbhyfsdbambjmfvi;bfdbqohb .hdbdyimi,bhdogjfgrbonnbma.gj
xa.bnfkibhazidyfgrbhanfjpbOdbifrydbambgfgi,blimyolh,bfdbnfsdijbohbo
hy.ddimbnfsdhpbQibyojbobrnfzlhibasbdyibdaqimfgrbz.ndfd.jibasbdmiih,bas
dyibfzzighibzoddijb .grni,bqfdybdyibunotfgrbnfddnibuonnbasbdyibh.g
yogrfgrbavimbfd--onnblimsicdnxbhdfnn--ogjbdyigbdyibqyfdibhy.ddimbcozi
jaqgborofg,bhzaadynx,bohbfsbhnfjfgrbfgbrmiohijbrmaavihpbFbamjimijbdyi
cyofg,bqyfcybqibyojbuir.gbdabyiovibfg,bdabuiblofjba.dborofgpbUisamibfd
hdallijbm.ggfgrbqfdybobz.ssnijbmoddni,bobcmx,bobvimxbna.jbcmx,bohbas
fgsfgfdibjihanodfag,bhaomijbhnaqnxbfgbdyibalow.ibofmpbFdbciohijpbO
cazlnofgfgrbcnoza.m,bzaj.nodijbfgbhovoribjfhcamjh,bsfnnijba.mbiomhpbDyi
hyiimb.gielicdijgihhbasbfdbzojibzxbyofmbhdfmb.gjimbzxbcolpbFbjag'dbkgaq
yaqbfdbhdm.ckbdyibadyimh:bdabzibfdbhiizijbohbdya.rybdyibzfhdbfdhinsbyoj
hcmiozij,bhabh.jjignx,bogjbollomigdnxbsmazbonnbhfjihbodbagci,bjfjbdyfh
d.z.nd.a.hbogjbza.mgs.nb.lmaombomfhipbFdbc.nzfgodijbfgboby.mmfij
a.dumiokbasbonzahdbfgdanimounxbiecihhfvibhymfikfgr,bqyfcybhdallijbhyamd,
niovfgrb.hbhdfssigijbfgbobvomfidxbasbhfnnxboddfd.jih,bogjbauhdfgodinx
nfhdigfgrbdabdyibgiomnxbohbollonnfgrbogjbiecihhfvibhfnigcipb'RaajbRaj!
Qyodbfhbdyibziogfgr--'bhdozzimijbodbzxbinuaqbagibasbdyiblfnrmfzh--o
nfddnibsodbzog,bqfdybhogjxbyofmbogjbmijbqyfhkimh,bqyabqamibhfjihlmfgr
uaadh,bogjblfgkblx ozohbd.ckijbfgdabyfhbhackhpbDqabadyimhbmizofgij
alig-za.dyijbobqyfnibzfg.di,bdyigbjohyijbfgdabdyibnfddnibcoufg,bdabm.hy
a.dbfgcagdfgigdnxbogjbhdogjbjomdfgrbhcomijbrnogcih,bqfdybQfgcyihdimhbod
'miojx'bfgbdyifmbyogjhpbQyodbqibca.njbhiibqohb .hdbdyibhdiozimbqibqimi
ag,byimba.dnfgihbun.mmijbohbdya.rybhyibyojbuiigbagbdyiblafgdbas
jfhhanvfgr,bogjbobzfhdxbhdmflbasbqodim,blimyolhbdqabsiidbumaoj,boma.gj
yim--ogjbdyodbqohbonnpbDyibmihdbasbdyibqamnjbqohbgaqyimi,bohbsombohba.m
ixihbogjbiomhbqimibcagcimgijpb .hdbgaqyimipbRagi,bjfholliomij;bhqildbass
qfdya.dbniovfgrbobqyfhlimbambobhyojaqbuiyfgjp

“Fbqigdbsamqomj,bogjbamjimijbdyibcyofgbdabuibyo.nijbfgbhyamd,bhabohbda
uibmiojxbdabdmflbdyibogcyambogjbzavibdyibhdiozuaodbodbagcibfsbgicihhomxp
'Qfnnbdyixboddock?'bqyfhlimijbogboqijbvafcipb'Qibqfnnbuibonnbu.dcyimij
fgbdyfhbsar,'bz.mz.mijbogadyimpbDyibsocihbdqfdcyijbqfdybdyibhdmofg,bdyi
yogjhbdmizunijbhnfrydnx,bdyibixihbsamradbdabqfgkpbFdbqohbvimxbc.mfa.h
dabhiibdyibcagdmohdbasbielmihhfaghbasbdyibqyfdibzigbogjbasbdyibunock
sinnaqhbasba.mbcmiq,bqyabqimibohbz.cybhdmogrimhbdabdyodblomdbasbdyi
mfvimbohbqi,bdya.rybdyifmbyazihbqimibagnxbifrydby.gjmijbzfnihboqoxpbDyi
qyfdih,basbca.mhibrmiodnxbjfhcazlahij,byojbuihfjihbobc.mfa.hbnaakbas
uifgrblofgs.nnxbhyackijbuxbh.cybogba.dmoria.hbmaqpbDyibadyimhbyojbog
onimd,bgod.monnxbfgdimihdijbielmihhfag;bu.dbdyifmbsocihbqimibihhigdfonnx
w.fid,bivigbdyahibasbdyibagibambdqabqyabrmfggijbohbdyixbyo.nijbodbdyi
cyofgpbHivimonbiecyogrijbhyamd,brm.gdfgrblymohih,bqyfcybhiizijbdabhiddni
dyibzoddimbdabdyifmbhodfhsocdfagpbDyifmbyiojzog,bobxa.gr,bumaoj-cyihdij
unock,bhiviminxbjmolijbfgbjomk-un.ibsmfgrijbcnadyh,bqfdybsfimcibgahdmfnh
ogjbyfhbyofmbonnbjagib.lbomds.nnxbfgbafnxbmfgrnidh,bhdaajbgiombzip
'Oyo!'bFbhofj,b .hdbsambraajbsinnaqhyfl'hbhokipb'Codcyb'fz,'byibhgollij,
qfdybobunaajhyadbqfjigfgrbasbyfhbixihbogjbobsnohybasbhyomlbdiidy--'codcy
'fzpbRfvib'fzbdab.hp'b'Dabxa.,biy?'bFbohkij;b'qyodbqa.njbxa.bjabqfdy
dyiz?'b'Iodb'fz!'byibhofjbc.mdnx,bogj,bniogfgrbyfhbinuaqbagbdyibmofn,
naakijba.dbfgdabdyibsarbfgbobjfrgfsfijbogjblmasa.gjnxblighfviboddfd.jip
Fbqa.njbgabja.udbyovibuiigblmalimnxbyammfsfij,byojbfdbgadbacc.mmijbda
zibdyodbyibogjbyfhbcyolhbz.hdbuibvimxby.grmx:bdyodbdyixbz.hdbyovibuiig
rmaqfgrbfgcmiohfgrnxby.grmxbsambodbniohdbdyfhbzagdyblohdpbDyixbyojbuiig
igrorijbsambhfebzagdyhb(Fbjag'dbdyfgkbobhfgrnibagibasbdyizbyojbogx
cniombfjiobasbdfzi,bohbqibodbdyibigjbasbca.gdnihhborihbyovipbDyixbhdfnn
uinagrijbdabdyibuirfggfgrhbasbdfzi--yojbgabfgyimfdijbielimfigcibdabdiocy
dyizbohbfdbqimi),bogjbasbca.mhi,bohbnagrbohbdyimibqohboblficibasblolim
qmfddigbavimbfgboccamjogcibqfdybhazibsomcfconbnoqbambadyimbzojibjaqgbdyi
mfvim,bfdbjfjg'dbigdimbogxuajx'hbyiojbdabdma.unibyaqbdyixbqa.njbnfvip
Cimdofgnxbdyixbyojbuma.rydbqfdybdyizbhazibmaddigbyflla-ziod,bqyfcy
ca.njg'dbyovibnohdijbvimxbnagr,bogxqox,bivigbfsbdyiblfnrmfzhbyojg'd,bfg
dyibzfjhdbasbobhyackfgrby.nnouonaa,bdymaqgbobcaghfjimounibw.ogdfdxbasbfd
avimuaomjpbFdbnaakijbnfkibobyfry-yogjijblmaciijfgr;bu.dbfdbqohbmionnx
obcohibasbnirfdfzodibhins-jisigcipbXa.bcog'dbumiodyibjiojbyfllabqokfgr,
hniilfgr,bogjbiodfgr,bogjbodbdyibhozibdfzibkiilbxa.mblmicomfa.hbrmflbag
iefhdigcipbUihfjihbdyod,bdyixbyojbrfvigbdyizbivimxbqiikbdymiiblficihbas
umohhbqfmi,biocyboua.dbgfgibfgcyihbnagr;bogjbdyibdyiamxbqohbdyixbqimibda
u.xbdyifmblmavfhfaghbqfdybdyodbc.mmigcxbfgbmfvimhfjibvfnnorihpbXa.bcog
hiibyaqb_dyod_bqamkijpbDyimibqimibifdyimbgabvfnnorih,bambdyiblialnibqimi
yahdfni,bambdyibjfmicdam,bqyabnfkibdyibmihdbasb.hbsijba.dbasbdfgh,bqfdy
ogbaccohfagonbanjbyi-raodbdymaqgbfg,bjfjg'dbqogdbdabhdalbdyibhdiozimbsam
hazibzamibambnihhbmicagjfdibmiohagpbHa,b.gnihhbdyixbhqonnaqijbdyibqfmi
fdhins,bambzojibnaalhbasbfdbdabhgomibdyibsfhyihbqfdy,bFbjag'dbhiibqyod
raajbdyifmbiedmovorogdbhonomxbca.njbuibdabdyizpbFbz.hdbhoxbfdbqohblofj
qfdybobmir.nomfdxbqamdyxbasbobnomribogjbyaga.mounibdmojfgrbcazlogxpbSam
dyibmihd,bdyibagnxbdyfgrbdabiod--dya.rybfdbjfjg'dbnaakbiodounibfgbdyi
niohd--Fbhoqbfgbdyifmblahhihhfagbqohbobsiqbn.zlhbasbhazibhd.ssbnfki
yons-caakijbja.ry,basbobjfmdxbnovigjimbcana.m,bdyixbkildbqmollijbfg
niovih,bogjbgaqbogjbdyigbhqonnaqijboblficibas,bu.dbhabhzonnbdyodbfd
hiizijbjagibzamibsambdyibnaakhbasbdyibdyfgrbdyogbsambogxbhimfa.hbl.mlahi
asbh.hdigogcipbQyxbfgbdyibgozibasbonnbdyibrgoqfgrbjivfnhbasby.grimbdyix
jfjg'dbrabsamb.h--dyixbqimibdyfmdxbdabsfvi--ogjbyovibobraajbd.ck-fgbsam
agci,bozotihbzibgaqbqyigbFbdyfgkbasbfdpbDyixbqimibufrblaqims.nbzig,
qfdybgadbz.cybcolocfdxbdabqifrybdyibcaghiw.igcih,bqfdybca.mori,bqfdy
hdmigrdy,bivigbxid,bdya.rybdyifmbhkfghbqimibgabnagrimbrnahhxbogjbdyifm
z.hcnihbgabnagrimbyomjpbOgjbFbhoqbdyodbhazidyfgrbmihdmofgfgr,bagibas
dyahiby.zogbhicmidhbdyodbuossniblmauoufnfdx,byojbcazibfgdablnoxbdyimip
Fbnaakijbodbdyizbqfdybobhqfsdbw.fckigfgrbasbfgdimihd--gadbuico.hibfd
acc.mmijbdabzibFbzfrydbuibiodigbuxbdyizbuisamibvimxbnagr,bdya.rybFbaqg
dabxa.bdyodb .hdbdyigbFblimcifvij--fgbobgiqbnfryd,bohbfdbqimi--yaq
.gqyanihazibdyiblfnrmfzhbnaakij,bogjbFbyalij,bxih,bFblahfdfvinxbyalij,
dyodbzxbohlicdbqohbgadbha--qyodbhyonnbFbhox?--ha--.gollidftfgr:bobda.cy
asbsogdohdfcbvogfdxbqyfcybsfddijbqinnbqfdybdyibjmioz-highodfagbdyod
limvojijbonnbzxbjoxhbodbdyodbdfzipbLimyolhbFbyojbobnfddnibsivim,bdaap
Agibcog'dbnfvibqfdybagi'hbsfgrimbivimnohdfgrnxbagbagi'hbl.nhipbFbyoj
asdigb'obnfddnibsivim,'bambobnfddnibda.cybasbadyimbdyfgrh--dyiblnoxs.n
loq-hdmakihbasbdyibqfnjimgihh,bdyiblminfzfgomxbdmfsnfgrbuisamibdyibzami
himfa.hbaghno.rydbqyfcybcozibfgbj.ibca.mhipbXih;bFbnaakijbodbdyizbohbxa.
qa.njbagbogxby.zogbuifgr,bqfdybobc.mfahfdxbasbdyifmbfzl.nhih,bzadfvih,
colocfdfih,bqiokgihhih,bqyigbuma.rydbdabdyibdihdbasbogbfgieamouni
lyxhfconbgicihhfdxpbMihdmofgd!bQyodblahhfunibmihdmofgd?bQohbfd
h.limhdfdfag,bjfhr.hd,blodfigci,bsiom--ambhazibkfgjbasblmfzfdfvibyaga.m?
Gabsiombcogbhdogjb.lbdaby.grim,bgablodfigcibcogbqiombfdba.d,bjfhr.hd
hfzlnxbjaihbgadbiefhdbqyimiby.grimbfh;bogjbohbdabh.limhdfdfag,buinfish,
ogjbqyodbxa.bzoxbconnblmfgcflnih,bdyixbomibnihhbdyogbcyossbfgbobumiitip
Jag'dbxa.bkgaqbdyibjivfnmxbasbnfgrimfgrbhdomvodfag,bfdhbieohlimodfgr
damzigd,bfdhbunockbdya.rydh,bfdhbhazumibogjbumaajfgrbsimacfdx?bQinn,
FbjapbFdbdokihbobzogbonnbyfhbfguamgbhdmigrdybdabsfrydby.grimblmalimnxp
Fd'hbmionnxbiohfimbdabsocibuimiovizigd,bjfhyaga.m,bogjbdyiblimjfdfagbas
agi'hbha.n--dyogbdyfhbkfgjbasblmanagrijby.grimpbHoj,bu.dbdm.ipbOgjbdyihi
cyolh,bdaa,byojbgabiomdynxbmiohagbsambogxbkfgjbasbhcm.lnipbMihdmofgd!bF
qa.njb .hdbohbhaagbyovibielicdijbmihdmofgdbsmazbobyxigoblmaqnfgrbozagrhd
dyibcamlhihbasbobuoddnisfinjpbU.dbdyimibqohbdyibsocdbsocfgrbzi--dyibsocd
jottnfgr,bdabuibhiig,bnfkibdyibsaozbagbdyibjildyhbasbdyibhio,bnfkibo
mfllnibagbogb.gsodyazounibigfrzo,bobzxhdimxbrmiodim--qyigbFbdya.ryd
asbfd--dyogbdyibc.mfa.h,bfgielnfcounibgadibasbjihlimodibrmfisbfgbdyfh
hovoribcnoza.mbdyodbyojbhqildbuxb.hbagbdyibmfvim-uogk,buiyfgjbdyibunfgj
qyfdigihhbasbdyibsarp

“Dqablfnrmfzhbqimibw.omminnfgrbfgby.mmfijbqyfhlimhbohbdabqyfcybuogkp
'Nisdp'b'ga,bga;byaqbcogbxa.?bMfryd,bmfryd,basbca.mhip'b'Fdbfhbvimx
himfa.h,'bhofjbdyibzogorim'hbvafcibuiyfgjbzi;b'Fbqa.njbuibjihanodijbfs
ogxdyfgrbhya.njbyolligbdabZmpbK.mdtbuisamibqibcozib.lp'bFbnaakijbodbyfz,
ogjbyojbgadbdyibhnfrydihdbja.udbyibqohbhfgcimipbYibqohb .hdbdyibkfgjbas
zogbqyabqa.njbqfhybdablmihimvibolliomogcihpbDyodbqohbyfhbmihdmofgdpbU.d
qyigbyibz.ddimijbhazidyfgrboua.dbrafgrbagbodbagci,bFbjfjbgadbivigbdoki
dyibdma.unibdaboghqimbyfzpbFbkgiq,bogjbyibkgiq,bdyodbfdbqohbfzlahhfunip
Qimibqibdabnidbraba.mbyanjbasbdyibuaddaz,bqibqa.njbuibouhan.dinxbfg
dyibofm--fgbhlocipbQibqa.njg'dbuibounibdabdinnbqyimibqibqimibrafgr
da--qyidyimb.lbambjaqgbhdmioz,bambocmahh--dfnnbqibsidcyijborofghdbagi
uogkbambdyibadyim--ogjbdyigbqibqa.njg'dbkgaqbodbsfmhdbqyfcybfdbqohp
Asbca.mhibFbzojibgabzavipbFbyojbgabzfgjbsambobhzohy-.lpbXa.bca.njg'd
fzorfgibobzamibjiojnxblnocibsambobhyflqmickpbQyidyimbqibjmaqgijbod
agcibambgad,bqibqimibh.mibdablimfhybhliijfnxbfgbagibqoxbambogadyimpb'F
o.dyamftibxa.bdabdokibonnbdyibmfhkh,'byibhofj,bosdimbobhyamdbhfnigcip
'Fbmis.hibdabdokibogx,'bFbhofjbhyamdnx;bqyfcybqohb .hdbdyiboghqimbyi
ielicdij,bdya.rybfdhbdagibzfrydbyovibh.mlmfhijbyfzpb'Qinn,bFbz.hdbjisim
dabxa.mb .jrzigdpbXa.bomibcoldofg,'byibhofjbqfdybzomkijbcfvfnfdxpbF
d.mgijbzxbhya.njimbdabyfzbfgbhfrgbasbzxbollmicfodfag,bogjbnaakijbfgda
dyibsarpbYaqbnagrbqa.njbfdbnohd?bFdbqohbdyibzahdbyalinihhbnaaka.dpbDyi
ollmaocybdabdyfhbK.mdtbrm.uufgrbsambfvamxbfgbdyibqmidcyijbu.hybqohbuihid
uxbohbzogxbjogrimhbohbdya.rybyibyojbuiigbogbigcyogdijblmfgcihhbhniilfgr
fgbobsou.na.hbcohdnipb'Qfnnbdyixboddock,bjabxa.bdyfgk?'bohkijbdyi
zogorim,bfgbobcagsfjigdfonbdagip

“Fbjfjbgadbdyfgkbdyixbqa.njboddock,bsambhivimonbauvfa.hbmiohaghpbDyi
dyfckbsarbqohbagipbFsbdyixbnisdbdyibuogkbfgbdyifmbcogaihbdyixbqa.njbrid
nahdbfgbfd,bohbqibqa.njbuibfsbqiboddizldijbdabzavipbHdfnn,bFbyojbonha
 .jrijbdyib .grnibasbuadybuogkhbw.fdibfzligidmouni--ogjbxidbixihbqimi
fgbfd,bixihbdyodbyojbhiigb.hpbDyibmfvimhfjibu.hyihbqimibcimdofgnxbvimx
dyfck;bu.dbdyib.gjimrmaqdybuiyfgjbqohbivfjigdnxbligidmounip
Yaqivim,bj.mfgrbdyibhyamdbnfsdbFbyojbhiigbgabcogaihbogxqyimibfgbdyi
miocy--cimdofgnxbgadboumiohdbasbdyibhdiozimpbU.dbqyodbzojibdyibfjiobas
oddockbfgcagcifvounibdabzibqohbdyibgod.mibasbdyibgafhi--asbdyibcmfihbqi
yojbyiomjpbDyixbyojbgadbdyibsfimcibcyomocdimbuajfgrbfzzijfodibyahdfni
fgdigdfagpb.gielicdij,bqfnj,bogjbvfanigdbohbdyixbyojbuiig,bdyixbyoj
rfvigbzibogbfmmihfhdfunibfzlmihhfagbasbhammaqpbDyibrnfzlhibasbdyi
hdiozuaodbyojbsambhazibmiohagbsfnnijbdyahibhovorihbqfdyb.gmihdmofgij
rmfispbDyibjogrim,bfsbogx,bFbiela.gjij,bqohbsmazba.mblmaefzfdxbdabo
rmiodby.zogblohhfagbnidbnaahipbIvigbiedmizibrmfisbzoxb.ndfzodinxbvigd
fdhinsbfgbvfanigci--u.dbzamibrigimonnxbdokihbdyibsamzbasbolodyxpppp

“Xa.bhya.njbyovibhiigbdyiblfnrmfzhbhdomi!bDyixbyojbgabyiomdbdabrmfg,bam
ivigbdabmivfnibzi:bu.dbFbuinfivibdyixbdya.rydbzibragibzoj--qfdybsmfryd,
zoxuipbFbjinfvimijbobmir.nombnicd.mipbZxbjiombuaxh,bfdbqohbgabraaj
uadyimfgrpbKiilbobnaaka.d?bQinn,bxa.bzoxbr.ihhbFbqodcyijbdyibsarbsam
dyibhfrghbasbnfsdfgrbohbobcodbqodcyihbobza.hi;bu.dbsambogxdyfgrbinhiba.m
ixihbqimibasbgabzamib.hibdab.hbdyogbfsbqibyojbuiigbu.mfijbzfnihbjiilbfg
obyiolbasbcaddag-qaanpbFdbsindbnfkibfd,bdaa--cyakfgr,bqomz,bhdfsnfgrp
Uihfjih,bonnbFbhofj,bdya.rybfdbha.gjijbiedmovorogd,bqohbouhan.dinx
dm.ibdabsocdpbQyodbqibosdimqomjhbonn.jijbdabohbogboddockbqohbmionnxbog
oddizldbodbmil.nhipbDyibocdfagbqohbvimxbsombsmazbuifgrborrmihhfvi--fd
qohbgadbivigbjisighfvi,bfgbdyib.h.onbhighi:bfdbqohb.gjimdokigb.gjimbdyi
hdmihhbasbjihlimodfag,bogjbfgbfdhbihhigcibqohbl.minxblmadicdfvip

“Fdbjivinalijbfdhins,bFbhya.njbhox,bdqabya.mhbosdimbdyibsarbnfsdij,bogj
fdhbcazzigcizigdbqohbodbobhlad,bma.rynxbhliokfgr,boua.dbobzfnibogjbo
yonsbuinaqbK.mdt'hbhdodfagpbQibyojb .hdbsna.gjimijbogjbsnallijbma.gjbo
uigj,bqyigbFbhoqbogbfhnid,bobzimibrmohhxby.zzackbasbumfrydbrmiig,bfgbdyi
zfjjnibasbdyibhdmiozpbFdbqohbdyibagnxbdyfgrbasbdyibkfgj;bu.dbohbqibaligij
dyibmiocybzami,bFblimcifvijbfdbqohbdyibyiojbasbobnagrbhogj-uogk,bam
modyimbasbobcyofgbasbhyonnaqblodcyihbhdmidcyfgrbjaqgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyi
mfvimpbDyixbqimibjfhcana.mij,b .hdboqohy,bogjbdyibqyanibnadbqohbhiig
 .hdb.gjimbdyibqodim,bieocdnxbohbobzog'hbuockuagibfhbhiigbm.ggfgrbjaqg
dyibzfjjnibasbyfhbuockb.gjimbdyibhkfgpbGaq,bohbsombohbFbjfjbhii,bFbca.nj
rabdabdyibmfrydbambdabdyibnisdbasbdyfhpbFbjfjg'dbkgaqbifdyimbcyoggin,bas
ca.mhipbDyibuogkhbnaakijblmiddxbqinnbonfki,bdyibjildybolliomijbdyibhozi;
u.dbohbFbyojbuiigbfgsamzijbdyibhdodfagbqohbagbdyibqihdbhfji,bFbgod.monnx
yiojijbsambdyibqihdimgblohhorip

“GabhaagimbyojbqibsofmnxbigdimijbfdbdyogbFbuicoziboqomibfdbqohbz.cy
gommaqimbdyogbFbyojbh.llahijpbDabdyibnisdbasb.hbdyimibqohbdyibnagr
.gfgdimm.ldijbhyaon,bogjbdabdyibmfrydbobyfry,bhdiilbuogkbyiovfnx
avimrmaqgbqfdybu.hyihpbOuavibdyibu.hybdyibdmiihbhdaajbfgbhimmfijbmogkhp
Dyibdqfrhbavimy.grbdyibc.mmigdbdyfcknx,bogjbsmazbjfhdogcibdabjfhdogcibo
nomribnfzubasbhazibdmiiblma icdijbmfrfjnxbavimbdyibhdmiozpbFdbqohbdyig
qinnbagbfgbdyibosdimgaag,bdyibsocibasbdyibsamihdbqohbrnaazx,bogjbo
umaojbhdmflbasbhyojaqbyojbonmiojxbsonnigbagbdyibqodimpbFgbdyfhbhyojaq
qibhdiozijb.l--vimxbhnaqnx,bohbxa.bzoxbfzorfgipbFbhyiimijbyimbqinn
fghyami--dyibqodimbuifgrbjiilihdbgiombdyibuogk,bohbdyibha.gjfgr-lani
fgsamzijbzip

“Agibasbzxby.grmxbogjbsamuiomfgrbsmfigjhbqohbha.gjfgrbfgbdyibuaqhb .hd
uinaqbzipbDyfhbhdiozuaodbqohbieocdnxbnfkibobjickijbhcaqpbAgbdyibjick,
dyimibqimibdqabnfddnibdiokqaajbya.hih,bqfdybjaamhbogjbqfgjaqhpbDyi
uafnimbqohbfgbdyibsami-igj,bogjbdyibzocyfgimxbmfrydbohdimgpbAvim
dyibqyanibdyimibqohbobnfrydbmaas,bh.llamdijbagbhdogcyfaghpbDyibs.ggin
lma icdijbdyma.rybdyodbmaas,bogjbfgbsmagdbasbdyibs.gginbobhzonnbcoufg
u.fndbasbnfrydblnogkhbhimvijbsamboblfnad-ya.hipbFdbcagdofgijbobca.cy,
dqabcozl-hdaanh,bobnaojijbZomdfgf-Yigmxbniogfgrbfgbagibcamgim,bobdfgx
douni,bogjbdyibhdiimfgr-qyiinpbFdbyojbobqfjibjaambfgbsmagdbogjbobumaoj
hy.ddimbodbiocybhfjipbOnnbdyihibqimibonqoxhbdymaqgbalig,basbca.mhipbF
hligdbzxbjoxhblimcyijb.lbdyimibagbdyibiedmizibsami-igjbasbdyodbmaas,
uisamibdyibjaampbOdbgfrydbFbhnild,bambdmfijbda,bagbdyibca.cypbOg
odynidfcbunockbuinagrfgrbdabhazibcaohdbdmfuibogjbij.codijbuxbzxblaam
lmijicihham,bqohbdyibyinzhzogpbYibhlamdijboblofmbasbumohhbiommfgrh,bqami
obun.ibcnadybqmollimbsmazbdyibqofhdbdabdyibogknih,bogjbdya.rydbonnbdyi
qamnjbasbyfzhinspbYibqohbdyibzahdb.ghdounibkfgjbasbsaanbFbyojbivimbhiigp
Yibhdiimijbqfdybgabigjbasbobhqorrimbqyfnibxa.bqimibux;bu.dbfsbyibnahd
hfrydbasbxa.,byibuicozibfghdogdnxbdyiblmixbasbogbou icdbs.gk,bogjbqa.nj
nidbdyodbcmfllnibasbobhdiozuaodbridbdyib.llimbyogjbasbyfzbfgbobzfg.dip

“Fbqohbnaakfgrbjaqgbodbdyibha.gjfgr-lani,bogjbsiinfgrbz.cyboggaxijbda
hiibodbiocybdmxbobnfddnibzamibasbfdbhdfckba.dbasbdyodbmfvim,bqyigbFbhoq
zxblanizogbrfvib.lbagbdyibu.hfgihhbh.jjignx,bogjbhdmidcybyfzhinsbsnodbag
dyibjick,bqfdya.dbivigbdokfgrbdyibdma.unibdabyo.nbyfhblanibfgpbYibkild
yanjbagbfdbdya.ry,bogjbfdbdmofnijbfgbdyibqodimpbOdbdyibhozibdfzibdyi
sfmizog,bqyazbFbca.njbonhabhiibuinaqbzi,bhodbjaqgboum.ldnxbuisamibyfh
s.mgocibogjbj.ckijbyfhbyiojpbFbqohbozotijpbDyigbFbyojbdabnaakbodbdyi
mfvimbzfrydxbw.fck,buico.hibdyimibqohbobhgorbfgbdyibsofmqoxpbHdfckh,
nfddnibhdfckh,bqimibsnxfgrboua.d--dyfck:bdyixbqimibqyfttfgrbuisamibzx
gahi,bjmallfgrbuinaqbzi,bhdmfkfgrbuiyfgjbziborofghdbzxblfnad-ya.hipbOnn
dyfhbdfzibdyibmfvim,bdyibhyami,bdyibqaajh,bqimibvimxbw.fid--limsicdnx
w.fidpbFbca.njbagnxbyiombdyibyiovxbhlnohyfgrbdy.zlbasbdyibhdimg-qyiin
ogjbdyibloddimbasbdyihibdyfgrhpbQibcniomijbdyibhgorbcn.zhfnxpbOmmaqh,bux
 avi!bQibqimibuifgrbhyadbod!bFbhdillijbfgbw.fcknxbdabcnahibdyibhy.ddim
agbdyibnogjhfjipbDyodbsaan-yinzhzog,byfhbyogjhbagbdyibhlakih,bqoh
nfsdfgrbyfhbkgiihbyfry,bhdozlfgrbyfhbsiid,bcyozlfgrbyfhbza.dy,bnfkibo
mifgij-fgbyamhipbCagsa.gjbyfz!bOgjbqibqimibhdorrimfgrbqfdyfgbdigbsiidbas
dyibuogkpbFbyojbdabniogbmfrydba.dbdabhqfgrbdyibyiovxbhy.ddim,bogjbFbhoq
obsocibozagrhdbdyibniovihbagbdyibnivinbqfdybzxbaqg,bnaakfgrbodbzibvimx
sfimcibogjbhdiojx;bogjbdyigbh.jjignx,bohbdya.rybobvifnbyojbuiigbmizavij
smazbzxbixih,bFbzojiba.d,bjiilbfgbdyibdogrnijbrnaaz,bgokijbumiohdh,
omzh,bnirh,brnomfgrbixih--dyibu.hybqohbhqomzfgrbqfdyby.zogbnfzuhbfg
zavizigd,brnfhdigfgrbasbumagtibcana.mpbDyibdqfrhbhyaak,bhqoxij,bogj
m.hdnij,bdyibommaqhbsniqba.dbasbdyiz,bogjbdyigbdyibhy.ddimbcozibdap
'Hdiimbyimbhdmofryd,'bFbhofjbdabdyibyinzhzogpbYibyinjbyfhbyiojbmfrfj,
socibsamqomj;bu.dbyfhbixihbmannij,byibkildbagbnfsdfgrbogjbhiddfgrbjaqg
yfhbsiidbrigdnx,byfhbza.dybsaozijbobnfddnipb'Kiilbw.fid!'bFbhofjbfgbo
s.mxpbFbzfrydb .hdbohbqinnbyovibamjimijbobdmiibgadbdabhqoxbfgbdyibqfgjp
Fbjomdijba.dpbUinaqbzibdyimibqohbobrmiodbhc.ssnibasbsiidbagbdyibfmag
jick;bcags.hijbiecnozodfagh;bobvafcibhcmiozij,b'Cogbxa.bd.mgbuock?'
Fbco.rydbhfrydbasbobV-hyolijbmfllnibagbdyibqodimboyiojpbQyod?bOgadyim
hgor!bObs.hfnnojibu.mhdba.db.gjimbzxbsiidpbDyiblfnrmfzhbyojbaligijbqfdy
dyifmbQfgcyihdimh,bogjbqimibhfzlnxbhw.fmdfgrbniojbfgdabdyodbu.hypbO
ji.cibasbobnadbasbhzakibcozib.lbogjbjmavibhnaqnxbsamqomjpbFbhqamibod
fdpbGaqbFbca.njg'dbhiibdyibmfllnibambdyibhgorbifdyimpbFbhdaajbfgbdyi
jaamqox,bliimfgr,bogjbdyibommaqhbcozibfgbhqomzhpbDyixbzfrydbyovibuiig
lafhagij,bu.dbdyixbnaakijbohbdya.rybdyixbqa.njg'dbkfnnbobcodpbDyibu.hy
uirogbdabyaqnpbA.mbqaaj-c.ddimhbmofhijbobqomnfkibqyaal;bdyibmilamdbasbo
mfsnib .hdbodbzxbuockbjiosigijbzipbFbrnogcijbavimbzxbhya.njim,bogjbdyi
lfnad-ya.hibqohbxidbs.nnbasbgafhibogjbhzakibqyigbFbzojibobjohybodbdyi
qyiinpbDyibsaan-gfrrimbyojbjmallijbivimxdyfgr,bdabdymaqbdyibhy.ddim
aligbogjbnidbassbdyodbZomdfgf-YigmxpbYibhdaajbuisamibdyibqfjibaligfgr,
rnomfgr,bogjbFbxinnijbodbyfzbdabcazibuock,bqyfnibFbhdmofrydigijbdyi
h.jjigbdqfhdba.dbasbdyodbhdiozuaodpbDyimibqohbgabmaazbdabd.mgbivigbfsbF
yojbqogdijbda,bdyibhgorbqohbhaziqyimibvimxbgiomboyiojbfgbdyodbcagsa.gjij
hzaki,bdyimibqohbgabdfzibdabnahi,bhabFb .hdbcmaqjijbyimbfgdabdyi
uogk--mfrydbfgdabdyibuogk,bqyimibFbkgiqbdyibqodimbqohbjiilp

“Qibdamibhnaqnxbonagrbdyibavimyogrfgrbu.hyihbfgbobqyfmnbasbumakigbdqfrh
ogjbsnxfgrbniovihpbDyibs.hfnnojibuinaqbhdallijbhyamd,bohbFbyojbsamihiig
fdbqa.njbqyigbdyibhw.fmdhbradbizldxpbFbdymiqbzxbyiojbuockbdabobrnfgdfgr
qyfttbdyodbdmovimhijbdyiblfnad-ya.hi,bfgbodbagibhy.ddim-yanibogjba.d
odbdyibadyimpbNaakfgrblohdbdyodbzojbyinzhzog,bqyabqohbhyokfgrbdyibizldx
mfsnibogjbxinnfgrbodbdyibhyami,bFbhoqbvor.ibsamzhbasbzigbm.ggfgrbuigd
ja.uni,bniolfgr,brnfjfgr,bjfhdfgcd,bfgcazlnidi,bivogihcigdpbHazidyfgr
ufrbolliomijbfgbdyibofmbuisamibdyibhy.ddim,bdyibmfsnibqigdbavimuaomj,
ogjbdyibzogbhdillijbuockbhqfsdnx,bnaakijbodbzibavimbyfhbhya.njimbfgbog
iedmoamjfgomx,blmasa.gj,bsozfnfombzoggim,bogjbsinnb.lagbzxbsiidpbDyi
hfjibasbyfhbyiojbyfdbdyibqyiinbdqfci,bogjbdyibigjbasbqyodbolliomij
obnagrbcogibcnoddimijbma.gjbogjbkgackijbavimbobnfddnibcozl-hdaanpbFd
naakijbohbdya.rybosdimbqmigcyfgrbdyodbdyfgrbsmazbhaziuajxbohyamibyibyoj
nahdbyfhbuonogcibfgbdyibissamdpbDyibdyfgbhzakibyojbunaqgboqox,bqibqimi
cniombasbdyibhgor,bogjbnaakfgrboyiojbFbca.njbhiibdyodbfgbogadyimby.gjmij
xomjhbambhabFbqa.njbuibsmiibdabhyiimbass,boqoxbsmazbdyibuogk;bu.dbzx
siidbsindbhabvimxbqomzbogjbqidbdyodbFbyojbdabnaakbjaqgpbDyibzogbyoj
mannijbagbyfhbuockbogjbhdomijbhdmofrydb.lbodbzi;buadybyfhbyogjhbcn.dcyij
dyodbcogipbFdbqohbdyibhyosdbasbobhliombdyod,bifdyimbdymaqgbambn.grij
dyma.rybdyibaligfgr,byojbco.rydbyfzbfgbdyibhfji,b .hdbuinaqbdyibmfuh;
dyibunojibyojbragibfgba.dbasbhfryd,bosdimbzokfgrbobsmfryds.nbrohy;bzx
hyaihbqimibs.nn;boblaanbasbunaajbnoxbvimxbhdfnn,brniozfgrbjomk-mijb.gjim
dyibqyiin;byfhbixihbhyagibqfdybogbozotfgrbn.hdmipbDyibs.hfnnojibu.mhd
a.dborofgpbYibnaakijbodbzibogefa.hnx,brmfllfgrbdyibhliombnfkibhazidyfgr
lmicfa.h,bqfdybogbofmbasbuifgrbosmofjbFbqa.njbdmxbdabdokibfdboqoxbsmaz
yfzpbFbyojbdabzokibogbissamdbdabsmiibzxbixihbsmazbyfhbrotibogjboddigj
dabdyibhdiimfgrpbQfdybagibyogjbFbsindbouavibzxbyiojbsambdyibnfgibas
dyibhdiozbqyfhdni,bogjb imkijba.dbhcmiicybosdimbhcmiicyby.mmfijnxpbDyi
d.z.ndbasbogrmxbogjbqomnfkibxinnhbqohbcyickijbfghdogdnx,bogjbdyigbsmaz
dyibjildyhbasbdyibqaajhbqigdba.dbh.cybobdmiz.na.hbogjblmanagrijbqofnbas
za.mgs.nbsiombogjb.ddimbjihlofmbohbzoxbuibfzorfgijbdabsannaqbdyibsnfryd
asbdyibnohdbyalibsmazbdyibiomdypbDyimibqohbobrmiodbcazzadfagbfgbdyi
u.hy;bdyibhyaqimbasbommaqhbhdallij,bobsiqbjmallfgrbhyadhbmogrba.d
hyomlnx--dyigbhfnigci,bfgbqyfcybdyibnogr.fjbuiodbasbdyibhdimg-qyiinbcozi
lnofgnxbdabzxbiomhpbFbl.dbdyibyinzbyomjbo-hdomuaomjbodbdyibzazigdbqyig
dyiblfnrmfzbfgblfgkblx ozoh,bvimxbyadbogjborfdodij,bolliomijbfgbdyi
jaamqoxpb'Dyibzogorimbhigjhbzi--'byibuirogbfgbogbassfcfonbdagi,bogj
hdallijbhyamdpb'RaajbRaj!'byibhofj,brnomfgrbodbdyibqa.gjijbzogp

“Qibdqabqyfdihbhdaajbavimbyfz,bogjbyfhbn.hdma.hbogjbfgw.fmfgrbrnogci
igvinalijb.hbuadypbFbjicnomibfdbnaakijbohbdya.rybyibqa.njblmihigdnxbl.d
dab.hbhazibw.ihdfaghbfgbogb.gjimhdogjounibnogr.ori;bu.dbyibjfijbqfdya.d
.ddimfgrbobha.gj,bqfdya.dbzavfgrbobnfzu,bqfdya.dbdqfdcyfgrbobz.hcnip
Agnxbfgbdyibvimxbnohdbzazigd,bohbdya.rybfgbmihlaghibdabhazibhfrgbqi
ca.njbgadbhii,bdabhazibqyfhlimbqibca.njbgadbyiom,byibsmaqgijbyiovfnx,
ogjbdyodbsmaqgbrovibdabyfhbunockbjiody-zohkbogbfgcagcifvounxbhazumi,
umaajfgr,bogjbzigocfgrbielmihhfagpbDyibn.hdmibasbfgw.fmfgrbrnogcibsojij
hqfsdnxbfgdabvocogdbrnohhfgihhpb'Cogbxa.bhdiim?'bFbohkijbdyiborigd
iorimnxpbYibnaakijbvimxbj.ufa.h;bu.dbFbzojibobrmoubodbyfhbomz,bogjbyi
.gjimhdaajbodbagcibFbziogdbyfzbdabhdiimbqyidyimbambgapbDabdinnbxa.
dyibdm.dy,bFbqohbzamufjnxbogefa.hbdabcyogribzxbhyaihbogjbhackhpb'Yibfh
jioj,'bz.mz.mijbdyibsinnaq,bfzzighinxbfzlmihhijpb'Gabja.udboua.dbfd,'
hofjbF,bd.rrfgrbnfkibzojbodbdyibhyai-nocihpb'Ogjbuxbdyibqox,bFbh.llahi
ZmpbK.mdtbfhbjiojbohbqinnbuxbdyfhbdfzip'

“Sambdyibzazigdbdyodbqohbdyibjazfgogdbdya.rydpbDyimibqohbobhighibas
iedmizibjfhollafgdzigd,bohbdya.rybFbyojbsa.gjba.dbFbyojbuiigbhdmfvfgr
osdimbhazidyfgrbondaridyimbqfdya.dbobh.uhdogcipbFbca.njg'dbyovibuiig
zamibjfhr.hdijbfsbFbyojbdmovinnijbonnbdyfhbqoxbsambdyibhanibl.mlahibas
donkfgrbqfdybZmpbK.mdtpbDonkfgrbqfdypppbFbsn.grbagibhyaibavimuaomj,
ogjbuicoziboqomibdyodbdyodbqohbieocdnxbqyodbFbyojbuiigbnaakfgrbsamqomj
da--obdonkbqfdybK.mdtpbFbzojibdyibhdmogribjfhcavimxbdyodbFbyojbgivim
fzorfgijbyfzbohbjafgr,bxa.bkgaq,bu.dbohbjfhca.mhfgrpbFbjfjg'dbhoxbda
zxhins,b'GaqbFbqfnnbgivimbhiibyfz,'bamb'GaqbFbqfnnbgivimbhyokibyfzbux
dyibyogj,'bu.d,b'GaqbFbqfnnbgivimbyiombyfzp'bDyibzogblmihigdijbyfzhins
ohbobvafcipbGadbasbca.mhibdyodbFbjfjbgadbcaggicdbyfzbqfdybhazibhamdbas
ocdfagpbYojg'dbFbuiigbdanjbfgbonnbdyibdagihbasb iona.hxbogjbojzfmodfag
dyodbyibyojbcannicdij,buomdimij,bhqfgjnij,bambhdanigbzamibfvamxbdyogbonn
dyibadyimborigdhbdaridyim?bDyodbqohbgadbdyiblafgdpbDyiblafgdbqohbfgbyfh
uifgrbobrfsdijbcmiod.mi,bogjbdyodbasbonnbyfhbrfsdhbdyibagibdyodbhdaaj
a.dblmiizfgigdnx,bdyodbcommfijbqfdybfdbobhighibasbmionblmihigci,bqohbyfh
oufnfdxbdabdonk,byfhbqamjh--dyibrfsdbasbielmihhfag,bdyibuiqfnjimfgr,
dyibfnn.zfgodfgr,bdyibzahdbieondijbogjbdyibzahdbcagdizldfuni,bdyi
l.nhodfgrbhdmiozbasbnfryd,bambdyibjicifds.nbsnaqbsmazbdyibyiomdbasbog
fzligidmounibjomkgihhp

“Dyibadyimbhyaibqigdbsnxfgrb.gdabdyibjivfn-rajbasbdyodbmfvimpbFbdya.ryd,
'Uxb avi!bfd'hbonnbavimpbQibomibdaabnodi;byibyohbvogfhyij--dyibrfsdbyoh
vogfhyij,buxbzioghbasbhazibhliom,bommaq,bambcn.upbFbqfnnbgivimbyiombdyod
cyolbhliokbosdimbonn'--ogjbzxbhammaqbyojbobhdomdnfgrbiedmovorogcibas
izadfag,bivigbh.cybohbFbyojbgadfcijbfgbdyibyaqnfgrbhammaqbasbdyihi
hovorihbfgbdyibu.hypbFbca.njg'dbyovibsindbzamibasbnaginxbjihanodfag
haziyaq,byojbFbuiigbmauuijbasbobuinfisbambyojbzfhhijbzxbjihdfgxbfg
nfsippppbQyxbjabxa.bhfrybfgbdyfhbuiohdnxbqox,bhaziuajx?bOuh.mj?bQinn,
ouh.mjpbRaajbNamj!bz.hdg'dbobzogbivim--Yimi,brfvibzibhazibdauoccap”ppp

Dyimibqohboblo.hibasblmasa.gjbhdfnngihh,bdyigbobzodcybsnomij,bogj
Zomnaq'hbniogbsocibolliomij,bqamg,byannaq,bqfdybjaqgqomjbsanjhbogj
jmallijbixinfjh,bqfdybogbohlicdbasbcagcigdmodijboddigdfag;bogjbohbyi
daakbvframa.hbjmoqhbodbyfhblfli,bfdbhiizijbdabmidmiodbogjbojvogciba.dbas
dyibgfrydbfgbdyibmir.nombsnfckimbasbdfgxbsnozipbDyibzodcybqigdba.dp

“Ouh.mj!”byibcmfijpb“DyfhbfhbdyibqamhdbasbdmxfgrbdabdinnppppbYimi
xa.bonnbomi,biocybzaamijbqfdybdqabraajbojjmihhih,bnfkiboby.nkbqfdy
dqabogcyamh,bobu.dcyimbma.gjbagibcamgim,boblanfcizogbma.gjbogadyim,
iecinnigdbollidfdih,bogjbdizlimod.mibgamzon--xa.byiom--gamzonbsmaz
xiom'hbigjbdabxiom'hbigjpbOgjbxa.bhox,bOuh.mj!bOuh.mjbui--ielnajij!
Ouh.mj!bZxbjiombuaxh,bqyodbcogbxa.bielicdbsmazbobzogbqyaba.dbasbhyiim
gimva.hgihhbyojb .hdbsn.grbavimuaomjboblofmbasbgiqbhyaih!bGaqbFbdyfgkbas
fd,bfdbfhbozotfgrbFbjfjbgadbhyijbdiomhpbFboz,b.lagbdyibqyani,blma.j
asbzxbsamdfd.jipbFbqohbc.dbdabdyibw.fckbodbdyibfjiobasbyovfgrbnahdbdyi
fgihdfzouniblmfvfniribasbnfhdigfgrbdabdyibrfsdijbK.mdtpbAsbca.mhibF
qohbqmagrpbDyiblmfvfniribqohbqofdfgrbsambzipbAy,bxih,bFbyiomjbzamibdyog
iga.rypbOgjbFbqohbmfryd,bdaapbObvafcipbYibqohbvimxbnfddnibzamibdyogbo
vafcipbOgjbFbyiomj--yfz--fd--dyfhbvafci--adyimbvafcih--onnbasbdyizbqimi
habnfddnibzamibdyogbvafcih--ogjbdyibzizamxbasbdyodbdfzibfdhinsbnfgrimh
oma.gjbzi,bfzlonlouni,bnfkibobjxfgrbvfumodfagbasbagibfzzighib ouuim,
hfnnx,bodmacfa.h,bhamjfj,bhovori,bambhfzlnxbziog,bqfdya.dbogxbkfgjbas
highipbVafcih,bvafcih--ivigbdyibrfmnbyimhins--gaq--”

Yibqohbhfnigdbsambobnagrbdfzip

“Fbnofjbdyibryahdbasbyfhbrfsdhbodbnohdbqfdybobnfi,”byibuirog,bh.jjignxp
“Rfmn!bQyod?bJfjbFbzigdfagbobrfmn?bAy,bhyibfhba.dbasbfd--cazlnidinxp
Dyix--dyibqazig,bFbziog--omiba.dbasbfd--hya.njbuiba.dbasbfdpbQibz.hd
yinlbdyizbdabhdoxbfgbdyodbuio.dfs.nbqamnjbasbdyifmbaqg,bnihdba.mh
ridhbqamhipbAy,bhyibyojbdabuiba.dbasbfdpbXa.bhya.njbyovibyiomjbdyi
jfhfgdimmijbuajxbasbZmpbK.mdtbhoxfgr,b'ZxbFgdigjijp'bXa.bqa.njbyovi
limcifvijbjfmicdnxbdyigbyaqbcazlnidinxbhyibqohba.dbasbfdpbOgjbdyibnasdx
smagdonbuagibasbZmpbK.mdt!bDyixbhoxbdyibyofmbraihbagbrmaqfgrbhazidfzih,
u.dbdyfh--oy--hlicfzig,bqohbfzlmihhfvinxbuonjpbDyibqfnjimgihhbyoj
loddijbyfzbagbdyibyioj,bogj,buiyanj,bfdbqohbnfkibobuonn--ogbfvamxbuonn;
fdbyojbcomihhijbyfz,bogj--na!--yibyojbqfdyimij;bfdbyojbdokigbyfz,bnavij
yfz,bizumocijbyfz,bradbfgdabyfhbvifgh,bcagh.zijbyfhbsnihy,bogjbhionij
yfhbha.nbdabfdhbaqgbuxbdyibfgcagcifvounibcimizagfihbasbhazibjivfnfhy
fgfdfodfagpbYibqohbfdhbhlafnijbogjblozlimijbsova.mfdipbFvamx?bFbhya.nj
dyfgkbhapbYiolhbasbfd,bhdockhbasbfdpbDyibanjbz.jbhyogdxbqohbu.mhdfgr
qfdybfdpbXa.bqa.njbdyfgkbdyimibqohbgadbobhfgrnibd.hkbnisdbifdyimbouavi
ambuinaqbdyibrma.gjbfgbdyibqyanibca.gdmxpb'Zahdnxbsahhfn,'bdyibzogorim
yojbmizomkij,bjfhlomorfgrnxpbFdbqohbgabzamibsahhfnbdyogbFboz;bu.dbdyix
connbfdbsahhfnbqyigbfdbfhbj.rb.lpbFdbolliomhbdyihibgfrrimhbjabu.mxbdyi
d.hkhbhazidfzih--u.dbivfjigdnxbdyixbca.njg'dbu.mxbdyfhblomcinbjiil
iga.rybdabhovibdyibrfsdijbZmpbK.mdtbsmazbyfhbsodipbQibsfnnijbdyi
hdiozuaodbqfdybfd,bogjbyojbdablfnibobnadbagbdyibjickpbDy.hbyibca.nj
hiibogjbig axbohbnagrbohbyibca.njbhii,buico.hibdyibollmicfodfagbasbdyfh
sova.mbyojbmizofgijbqfdybyfzbdabdyibnohdpbXa.bhya.njbyovibyiomjbyfzbhox,
'Zxbfvamxp'bAy,bxih,bFbyiomjbyfzpb'ZxbFgdigjij,bzxbfvamx,bzxbhdodfag,
zxbmfvim,bzx--'bivimxdyfgrbuinagrijbdabyfzpbFdbzojibzibyanjbzxbumiody
fgbielicdodfagbasbyiomfgrbdyibqfnjimgihhbu.mhdbfgdaboblmajfrfa.hblion
asbno.rydimbdyodbqa.njbhyokibdyibsfeijbhdomhbfgbdyifmblnocihpbIvimxdyfgr
uinagrijbdabyfz--u.dbdyodbqohbobdmfsnipbDyibdyfgrbqohbdabkgaqbqyodbyi
uinagrijbda,byaqbzogxblaqimhbasbjomkgihhbcnofzijbyfzbsambdyifmbaqgpbDyod
qohbdyibmisnicdfagbdyodbzojibxa.bcmiilxbonnbavimpbFdbqohbfzlahhfuni--fd
qohbgadbraajbsambagibifdyim--dmxfgrbdabfzorfgipbYibyojbdokigbobyfrybhiod
ozagrhdbdyibjivfnhbasbdyibnogj--FbziogbnfdimonnxpbXa.bcog'db.gjimhdogjp
Yaqbca.njbxa.?--qfdybhanfjblovizigdb.gjimbxa.mbsiid,bh.mma.gjijbuxbkfgj
gifryua.mhbmiojxbdabcyiimbxa.bambdabsonnbagbxa.,bhdillfgrbjinfcodinx
uidqiigbdyibu.dcyimbogjbdyiblanfcizog,bfgbdyibyanxbdimmambasbhcogjonbogj
ronnaqhbogjbn.godfcbohxn.zh--yaqbcogbxa.bfzorfgibqyodblomdfc.nombmirfag
asbdyibsfmhdborihbobzog'hb.gdmozzinnijbsiidbzoxbdokibyfzbfgdabuxbdyi
qoxbasbhanfd.ji--.ddimbhanfd.jibqfdya.dboblanfcizog--uxbdyibqoxbas
hfnigci--.ddimbhfnigci,bqyimibgabqomgfgrbvafcibasbobkfgjbgifryua.mbcog
uibyiomjbqyfhlimfgrbasbl.unfcbalfgfag?bDyihibnfddnibdyfgrhbzokibonnbdyi
rmiodbjfssimigcipbQyigbdyixbomibragibxa.bz.hdbsonnbuockb.lagbxa.mbaqg
fggodibhdmigrdy,b.lagbxa.mbaqgbcolocfdxbsambsofdys.ngihhpbAsbca.mhibxa.
zoxbuibdaabz.cybasbobsaanbdabrabqmagr--daabj.nnbivigbdabkgaqbxa.bomi
uifgrbohho.ndijbuxbdyiblaqimhbasbjomkgihhpbFbdokibfd,bgabsaanbivimbzoji
obuomrofgbsambyfhbha.nbqfdybdyibjivfn;bdyibsaanbfhbdaabz.cybasbobsaan,
ambdyibjivfnbdaabz.cybasbobjivfn--Fbjag'dbkgaqbqyfcypbAmbxa.bzoxbuibh.cy
obdy.gjimfgrnxbieondijbcmiod.mibohbdabuibondaridyimbjiosbogjbunfgjbda
ogxdyfgrbu.dbyiovignxbhfrydhbogjbha.gjhpbDyigbdyibiomdybsambxa.bfhbagnx
obhdogjfgrblnoci--ogjbqyidyimbdabuibnfkibdyfhbfhbxa.mbnahhbambxa.mbrofg
Fbqag'dblmidigjbdabhoxpbU.dbzahdbasb.hbomibgifdyimbagibgambdyibadyimp
Dyibiomdybsamb.hbfhboblnocibdabnfvibfg,bqyimibqibz.hdbl.db.lbqfdy
hfrydh,bqfdybha.gjh,bqfdybhzinnh,bdaa,buxb avi!--umiodyibjiojbyflla,
habdabhliok,bogjbgadbuibcagdozfgodijpbOgjbdyimi,bjag'dbxa.bhii?
Xa.mbhdmigrdybcazihbfg,bdyibsofdybfgbxa.mboufnfdxbsambdyibjfrrfgrbas
.gahdigdodfa.hbyanihbdabu.mxbdyibhd.ssbfg--xa.mblaqimbasbjivadfag,
gadbdabxa.mhins,bu.dbdabogbauhc.mi,buock-umiokfgrbu.hfgihhpbOgjbdyod'h
jfssfc.ndbiga.rypbZfgj,bFbozbgadbdmxfgrbdabiec.hibambivigbielnofg--Fboz
dmxfgrbdabocca.gdbdabzxhinsbsam--sam--ZmpbK.mdt--sambdyibhyojibasbZmp
K.mdtpbDyfhbfgfdfodijbqmofdybsmazbdyibuockbasbGaqyimibyaga.mijbzibqfdy
fdhbozotfgrbcagsfjigcibuisamibfdbvogfhyijbondaridyimpbDyfhbqohbuico.hi
fdbca.njbhliokbIgrnfhybdabzipbDyibamfrfgonbK.mdtbyojbuiigbij.codij
lomdnxbfgbIgrnogj,bogj--ohbyibqohbraajbiga.rybdabhoxbyfzhins--yfh
hxzlodyfihbqimibfgbdyibmfrydblnocipbYfhbzadyimbqohbyons-Igrnfhy,byfh
sodyimbqohbyons-SmigcypbOnnbI.malibcagdmfu.dijbdabdyibzokfgrbasbK.mdt;
ogjbuxbogjbuxbFbniomgijbdyod,bzahdbollmalmfodinx,bdyibFgdimgodfagon
HacfidxbsambdyibH.llmihhfagbasbHovoribC.hdazhbyojbfgdm.hdijbyfzbqfdybdyi
zokfgrbasbobmilamd,bsambfdhbs.d.mibr.fjogcipbOgjbyibyojbqmfddigbfd,bdaap
F'vibhiigbfdpbF'vibmiojbfdpbFdbqohbinaw.igd,bvfumodfgrbqfdybinaw.igci,
u.dbdaabyfry-hdm.gr,bFbdyfgkpbHivigdiigblorihbasbcnahibqmfdfgrbyibyoj
sa.gjbdfzibsam!bU.dbdyfhbz.hdbyovibuiigbuisamibyfh--nidb.hbhox--gimvih,
qigdbqmagr,bogjbco.hijbyfzbdablmihfjibodbcimdofgbzfjgfrydbjogcihbigjfgr
qfdyb.ghliokounibmfdih,bqyfcy--ohbsombohbFbmin.cdogdnxbrodyimij
smazbqyodbFbyiomjbodbvomfa.hbdfzih--qimibassimijb.lbdabyfz--jabxa.
.gjimhdogj?--dabZmpbK.mdtbyfzhinspbU.dbfdbqohbobuio.dfs.nblfici
asbqmfdfgrpbDyibaligfgrblomormoly,byaqivim,bfgbdyibnfrydbasbnodim
fgsamzodfag,bhdmfkihbzibgaqbohbazfga.hpbYibuirogbqfdybdyibomr.zigd
dyodbqibqyfdih,bsmazbdyiblafgdbasbjivinalzigdbqibyojbommfvijbod,b'z.hd
gicihhomfnxbolliombdabdyizb[hovorih]bfgbdyibgod.mibasbh.limgod.mon
uifgrh--qibollmaocybdyizbqfdybdyibzfrydbasbobjifdx,'bogjbhabag,bogjbha
agpb'Uxbdyibhfzlnibieimcfhibasba.mbqfnnbqibcogbieimdboblaqimbsambraaj
lmocdfconnxb.gua.gjij,'bidcp,bidcpbSmazbdyodblafgdbyibhaomijbogjbdaakbzi
qfdybyfzpbDyiblimamodfagbqohbzorgfsfcigd,bdya.rybjfssfc.ndbdabmizizuim,
xa.bkgaqpbFdbrovibzibdyibgadfagbasbogbieadfcbFzzighfdxbm.nijbuxbog
o.r.hdbUigivanigcipbFdbzojibzibdfgrnibqfdybigdy.hfohzpbDyfhbqohbdyi
.gua.gjijblaqimbasbinaw.igci--asbqamjh--asbu.mgfgrbgaunibqamjhpbDyimi
qimibgablmocdfconbyfgdhbdabfgdimm.ldbdyibzorfcbc.mmigdbasblymohih,
.gnihhbobkfgjbasbgadibodbdyibsaadbasbdyibnohdblori,bhcmoqnijbivfjigdnx
z.cybnodim,bfgbogb.ghdiojxbyogj,bzoxbuibmiromjijbohbdyibielahfdfagbas
obzidyajpbFdbqohbvimxbhfzlni,bogjbodbdyibigjbasbdyodbzavfgrbollionbda
ivimxbondm.fhdfcbhigdfzigdbfdbunotijbodbxa.,bn.zfga.hbogjbdimmfsxfgr,
nfkibobsnohybasbnfrydgfgrbfgbobhimigibhkx:b'Iedimzfgodibonnbdyibum.dih!'
Dyibc.mfa.hblomdbqohbdyodbyibyojbollomigdnxbsamraddigbonnboua.dbdyod
von.ouniblahdhcmfld.z,buico.hi,bnodimbag,bqyigbyibfgbobhighibcozibda
yfzhins,byibmiliodijnxbigdmiodijbzibdabdokibraajbcomibasb'zxblozlynid'
(yibconnijbfd),bohbfdbqohbh.mibdabyovibfgbdyibs.d.mibobraajbfgsn.igci
.lagbyfhbcomiimpbFbyojbs.nnbfgsamzodfagboua.dbonnbdyihibdyfgrh,bogj,
uihfjih,bohbfdbd.mgijba.d,bFbqohbdabyovibdyibcomibasbyfhbzizamxpbF'vi
jagibiga.rybsambfdbdabrfvibzibdyibfgjfhl.dounibmfrydbdabnoxbfd,bfsbF
cyaahi,bsambogbivimnohdfgrbmihdbfgbdyibj.hd-ufgbasblmarmihh,bozagrhd
onnbdyibhqiilfgrhbogj,bsfr.modfvinxbhliokfgr,bonnbdyibjiojbcodhbas
cfvfnftodfagpbU.dbdyig,bxa.bhii,bFbcog'dbcyaahipbYibqag'dbuibsamraddigp
Qyodivimbyibqoh,byibqohbgadbcazzagpbYibyojbdyiblaqimbdabcyomzbam
smfrydigbm.jfzigdomxbha.nhbfgdabogborrmovodijbqfdcy-jogcibfgbyfh
yaga.m;byibca.njbonhabsfnnbdyibhzonnbha.nhbasbdyiblfnrmfzhbqfdybufddim
zfhrfvfgrh:byibyojbagibjivadijbsmfigjbodbniohd,bogjbyibyojbcagw.imij
agibha.nbfgbdyibqamnjbdyodbqohbgifdyimbm.jfzigdomxbgambdofgdijbqfdy
hins-hiikfgrpbGa;bFbcog'dbsamridbyfz,bdya.rybFbozbgadblmilomijbdabossfmz
dyibsinnaqbqohbieocdnxbqamdybdyibnfsibqibnahdbfgbriddfgrbdabyfzpbF
zfhhijbzxbnodibyinzhzogboqs.nnx--Fbzfhhijbyfzbivigbqyfnibyfhbuajx
qohbhdfnnbnxfgrbfgbdyiblfnad-ya.hipbLimyolhbxa.bqfnnbdyfgkbfdblohhfgr
hdmogribdyfhbmirmidbsambobhovoribqyabqohbgabzamibocca.gdbdyogbobrmofgbas
hogjbfgbobunockbHoyomopbQinn,bjag'dbxa.bhii,byibyojbjagibhazidyfgr,byi
yojbhdiimij;bsambzagdyhbFbyojbyfzbodbzxbuock--obyinl--ogbfghdm.zigdpbFd
qohbobkfgjbasblomdgimhyflpbYibhdiimijbsambzi--Fbyojbdabnaakbosdimbyfz,bF
qammfijboua.dbyfhbjisfcfigcfih,bogjbdy.hbobh.udnibuagjbyojbuiigbcmiodij,
asbqyfcybFbagnxbuicoziboqomibqyigbfdbqohbh.jjignxbumakigpbOgjbdyi
fgdfzodiblmas.gjfdxbasbdyodbnaakbyibrovibzibqyigbyibmicifvijbyfhby.md
mizofghbdabdyfhbjoxbfgbzxbzizamx--nfkibobcnofzbasbjfhdogdbkfghyfl
ossfmzijbfgbobh.lmizibzazigdp

“Laambsaan!bFsbyibyojbagnxbnisdbdyodbhy.ddimbonagipbYibyojbgabmihdmofgd,
gabmihdmofgd-- .hdbnfkibK.mdt--obdmiibhqoxijbuxbdyibqfgjpbOhbhaagboh
Fbyojbl.dbagbobjmxblofmbasbhnfllimh,bFbjmorrijbyfzba.d,bosdimbsfmhd
 imkfgrbdyibhliomba.dbasbyfhbhfji,bqyfcybalimodfagbFbcagsihhbFblimsamzij
qfdybzxbixihbhy.dbdfrydpbYfhbyiinhbniolijbdaridyimbavimbdyibnfddni
jaamhdil;byfhbhya.njimhbqimiblmihhijbdabzxbumiohd;bFby.rrijbyfzbsmaz
uiyfgjbjihlimodinxpbAy!byibqohbyiovx,byiovx;byiovfimbdyogbogxbzogbag
iomdy,bFbhya.njbfzorfgipbDyigbqfdya.dbzamibojabFbdfllijbyfzbavimuaomjp
Dyibc.mmigdbhgodcyijbyfzbohbdya.rybyibyojbuiigbobqfhlbasbrmohh,bogjbF
hoqbdyibuajxbmannbavimbdqfcibuisamibFbnahdbhfrydbasbfdbsambivimpbOnnbdyi
lfnrmfzhbogjbdyibzogorimbqimibdyigbcagrmirodijbagbdyiboqgfgr-jick
oua.dbdyiblfnad-ya.hi,bcyoddimfgrbodbiocybadyimbnfkibobsnackbasbiecfdij
zorlfih,bogjbdyimibqohbobhcogjonftijbz.mz.mbodbzxbyiomdnihhblmazldfd.jip
Qyodbdyixbqogdijbdabkiilbdyodbuajxbyogrfgrboua.dbsambFbcog'dbr.ihhp
Izuonzbfd,bzoxuipbU.dbFbyojbonhabyiomjbogadyim,bogjbobvimxbazfga.h,
z.mz.mbagbdyibjickbuinaqpbZxbsmfigjhbdyibqaaj-c.ddimhbqimibnfkiqfhi
hcogjonftij,bogjbqfdybobuiddimbhyaqbasbmiohag--dya.rybFbojzfdbdyodbdyi
miohagbfdhinsbqohbw.fdibfgojzfhhfunipbAy,bw.fdi!bFbyojbzojib.lbzxbzfgj
dyodbfsbzxbnodibyinzhzogbqohbdabuibiodig,bdyibsfhyihbonagibhya.njbyovi
yfzpbYibyojbuiigbobvimxbhicagj-modibyinzhzogbqyfnibonfvi,bu.dbgaqbyibqoh
jiojbyibzfrydbyovibuicazibobsfmhd-cnohhbdizldodfag,bogjblahhfunxbco.hi
hazibhdomdnfgrbdma.unipbUihfjih,bFbqohbogefa.hbdabdokibdyibqyiin,bdyi
zogbfgblfgkblx ozohbhyaqfgrbyfzhinsbobyalinihhbj.ssimbodbdyibu.hfgihhp

“DyfhbFbjfjbjfmicdnxbdyibhfzlnibs.gimonbqohbavimpbQibqimibrafgr
yons-hliij,bkiilfgrbmfrydbfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibhdmioz,bogjbFbnfhdigij
dabdyibdonkboua.dbzipbDyixbyojbrfvigb.lbK.mdt,bdyixbyojbrfvigb.lbdyi
hdodfag;bK.mdtbqohbjioj,bogjbdyibhdodfagbyojbuiigbu.mgd--ogjbhabag--ogj
habagpbDyibmij-yofmijblfnrmfzbqohbuihfjibyfzhinsbqfdybdyibdya.rydbdyod
odbniohdbdyfhblaambK.mdtbyojbuiigblmalimnxbovigrijpb'Hox!bQibz.hdbyovi
zojibobrnamfa.hbhno.rydimbasbdyizbfgbdyibu.hypbIy?bQyodbjabxa.bdyfgk?
Hox?'bYiblahfdfvinxbjogcij,bdyibunaajdyfmhdxbnfddnibrfgrimxbuirromp
Ogjbyibyojbgiomnxbsofgdijbqyigbyibhoqbdyibqa.gjijbzog!bFbca.njbgadbyinl
hoxfgr,b'Xa.bzojibobrnamfa.hbnadbasbhzaki,bogxyaqp'bFbyojbhiig,bsmazbdyi
qoxbdyibdalhbasbdyibu.hyihbm.hdnijbogjbsniq,bdyodbonzahdbonnbdyibhyadh
yojbragibdaabyfrypbXa.bcog'dbyfdbogxdyfgrb.gnihhbxa.bdokibofzbogjbsfmi
smazbdyibhya.njim;bu.dbdyihibcyolhbsfmijbsmazbdyibyflbqfdybdyifmbixih
hy.dpbDyibmidmiod,bFbzofgdofgij--ogjbFbqohbmfryd--qohbco.hijbuxbdyi
hcmiicyfgrbasbdyibhdiozbqyfhdnipb.lagbdyfhbdyixbsamradbK.mdt,bogjbuirog
dabyaqnbodbzibqfdybfgjfrgogdblmadihdhp

“Dyibzogorimbhdaajbuxbdyibqyiinbz.mz.mfgrbcagsfjigdfonnxboua.dbdyi
gicihhfdxbasbriddfgrbqinnboqoxbjaqgbdyibmfvimbuisamibjomkbodbonnbivigdh,
qyigbFbhoqbfgbdyibjfhdogcibobcniomfgrbagbdyibmfvimhfjibogjbdyiba.dnfgih
asbhazibhamdbasbu.fnjfgrpb'Qyod'hbdyfh?'bFbohkijpbYibcnollijbyfhbyogjh
fgbqagjimpb'Dyibhdodfag!'byibcmfijpbFbijrijbfgbodbagci,bhdfnnbrafgr
yons-hliijp

“Dyma.rybzxbrnohhihbFbhoqbdyibhnalibasbobyfnnbfgdimhlimhijbqfdybmomi
dmiihbogjblimsicdnxbsmiibsmazb.gjimrmaqdypbObnagrbjicoxfgrbu.fnjfgrbag
dyibh.zzfdbqohbyonsbu.mfijbfgbdyibyfrybrmohh;bdyibnomribyanihbfgbdyi
liokijbmaasbrolijbunockbsmazbosom;bdyib .grnibogjbdyibqaajhbzojibo
uockrma.gjpbDyimibqohbgabigcnah.mibambsigcibasbogxbkfgj;bu.dbdyimibyoj
uiigbagibollomigdnx,bsambgiombdyibya.hibyons-o-jatigbhnfzblahdhbmizofgij
fgbobmaq,bma.rynxbdmfzzij,bogjbqfdybdyifmb.llimbigjhbamgozigdijbqfdy
ma.gjbcomvijbuonnhpbDyibmofnh,bambqyodivimbdyimibyojbuiigbuidqiig,byoj
jfholliomijpbAsbca.mhibdyibsamihdbh.mma.gjijbonnbdyodpbDyibmfvim-uogk
qohbcniom,bogjbagbdyibqodimhfjibFbhoqbobqyfdibzogb.gjimbobyodbnfkibo
comd-qyiinbuickagfgrblimhfhdigdnxbqfdybyfhbqyanibomzpbIeozfgfgrbdyi
ijribasbdyibsamihdbouavibogjbuinaq,bFbqohbonzahdbcimdofgbFbca.njbhii
zavizigdh--y.zogbsamzhbrnfjfgrbyimibogjbdyimipbFbhdiozijblohdblm.jigdnx,
dyigbhdallijbdyibigrfgihbogjbnidbyimbjmfsdbjaqgpbDyibzogbagbdyibhyami
uirogbdabhya.d,b.mrfgrb.hbdabnogjpb'Qibyovibuiigboddockij,'bhcmiozij
dyibzogorimpb'Fbkgaq--FbkgaqpbFd'hbonnbmfryd,'bxinnijbuockbdyibadyim,boh
cyiims.nbohbxa.blniohipb'CazibonagrpbFd'hbonnbmfrydpbFbozbrnojp'

“YfhbohlicdbmizfgjijbzibasbhazidyfgrbFbyojbhiig--hazidyfgrbs.ggxbFbyoj
hiigbhaziqyimipbOhbFbzogai.vmijbdabridbonagrhfji,bFbqohbohkfgrbzxhins,
'Qyodbjaihbdyfhbsinnaqbnaakbnfki?'bH.jjignxbFbradbfdpbYibnaakijbnfki
obyomniw.fgpbYfhbcnadyihbyojbuiigbzojibasbhazibhd.ssbdyodbqohbumaqg
yannogjblmauounx,bu.dbfdbqohbcavimijbqfdyblodcyihbonnbavim,bqfdybumfryd
lodcyih,bun.i,bmij,bogjbxinnaq--lodcyihbagbdyibuock,blodcyihbagbdyi
smagd,blodcyihbagbinuaqh,bagbkgiih;bcana.mijbufgjfgrboma.gjbyfhb ockid,
hcomnidbijrfgrbodbdyibuaddazbasbyfhbdma.himh;bogjbdyibh.ghyfgibzojibyfz
naakbiedmizinxbroxbogjbqagjims.nnxbgiodbqfdyon,buico.hibxa.bca.njbhii
yaqbuio.dfs.nnxbonnbdyfhblodcyfgrbyojbuiigbjagipbObuiomjnihh,buaxfhy
soci,bvimxbsofm,bgabsiod.mihbdabhliokbas,bgahibliinfgr,bnfddnibun.i
ixih,bhzfnihbogjbsmaqghbcyohfgrbiocybadyimbavimbdyodbaligbca.gdigogci
nfkibh.ghyfgibogjbhyojaqbagbobqfgj-hqildblnofgpb'Naakba.d,bcoldofg!'byi
cmfij;b'dyimi'hbobhgorbnajrijbfgbyimibnohdbgfrydp'bQyod!bOgadyimbhgor?bF
cagsihhbFbhqamibhyozis.nnxpbFbyojbgiomnxbyanijbzxbcmfllni,bdabsfgfhybass
dyodbcyomzfgrbdmflpbDyibyomniw.fgbagbdyibuogkbd.mgijbyfhbnfddnibl.r-gahi
.lbdabzipb'Xa.bIgrnfhy?'byibohkij,bonnbhzfnihpb'Omibxa.?'bFbhya.dijbsmaz
dyibqyiinpbDyibhzfnihbvogfhyij,bogjbyibhyaakbyfhbyiojbohbfsbhammxbsam
zxbjfhollafgdzigdpbDyigbyibumfrydigijb.lpb'Givimbzfgj!'byibcmfij
igca.morfgrnxpb'Omibqibfgbdfzi?'bFbohkijpb'Yibfhb.lbdyimi,'byibmilnfij,
qfdybobdahhbasbdyibyiojb.lbdyibyfnn,bogjbuicazfgrbrnaazxbonnbasbo
h.jjigpbYfhbsocibqohbnfkibdyibo.d.zgbhkx,bavimcohdbagibzazigdbogjbumfryd
dyibgiedp

“Qyigbdyibzogorim,bihcamdijbuxbdyiblfnrmfzh,bonnbasbdyizbomzijbdabdyi
diidy,byojbragibdabdyibya.hibdyfhbcyolbcozibagbuaomjpb'Fbhox,bFbjag'd
nfkibdyfhpbDyihibgodfvihbomibfgbdyibu.hy,'bFbhofjpbYibohh.mijbzi
iomgihdnxbfdbqohbonnbmfrydpb'Dyixbomibhfzlniblialni,'byibojjij;b'qinn,
Fbozbrnojbxa.bcozipbFdbdaakbzibonnbzxbdfzibdabkiilbdyizbassp'b'U.dbxa.
hofjbfdbqohbonnbmfryd,'bFbcmfijpb'Ay,bdyixbziogdbgabyomz,'byibhofj;bogj
ohbFbhdomijbyibcammicdijbyfzhins,b'Gadbieocdnxp'bDyigbvfvocfa.hnx,b'Zx
sofdy,bxa.mblfnad-ya.hibqogdhbobcniog-.l!'bFgbdyibgiedbumiodybyibojvfhij
zibdabkiilbiga.rybhdiozbagbdyibuafnimbdabunaqbdyibqyfhdnibfgbcohibasbogx
dma.unipb'Agibraajbhcmiicybqfnnbjabzamibsambxa.bdyogbonnbxa.mbmfsnihp
Dyixbomibhfzlniblialni,'byibmiliodijpbYibmoddnijboqoxbodbh.cybobmodi
yibw.fdibavimqyinzijbzipbYibhiizijbdabuibdmxfgrbdabzokib.lbsambnadhbas
hfnigci,bogjbocd.onnxbyfgdij,bno.ryfgr,bdyodbh.cybqohbdyibcohipb'Jag'd
xa.bdonkbqfdybZmpbK.mdt?'bFbhofjpb'Xa.bjag'dbdonkbqfdybdyodbzog--xa.
nfhdigbdabyfz,'byibiecnofzijbqfdybhivimibieondodfagpb'U.dbgaq--'bYi
qovijbyfhbomz,bogjbfgbdyibdqfgknfgrbasbogbixibqohbfgbdyib.ddimzahd
jildyhbasbjihlagjigcxpbFgbobzazigdbyibcozib.lborofgbqfdybob .zl,
lahhihhijbyfzhinsbasbuadybzxbyogjh,bhyaakbdyizbcagdfg.a.hnx,bqyfnibyi
rouunij:b'Umadyimbhofnampppbyaga.mpppblnioh.mipppbjinfrydppp
fgdmaj.cibzxhinspppbM.hhfogpppbhagbasbogbomcy-lmfihdppp
RavimgzigdbasbDozuavpppbQyod?bDauocca!bIgrnfhybdauocca;bdyibiecinnigd
Igrnfhybdauocca!bGaq,bdyod'hbumadyimnxpbHzaki?bQyimi'hbobhofnambdyod
jaihbgadbhzaki?”

“Dyiblflibhaadyijbyfz,bogjbrmoj.onnxbFbzojiba.dbyibyojbm.gboqoxbsmaz
hcyaan,byojbragibdabhiobfgbobM.hhfogbhyfl;bmogboqoxborofg;bhimvijbhazi
dfzibfgbIgrnfhybhyflh;bqohbgaqbmicagcfnijbqfdybdyibomcy-lmfihdpbYibzoji
oblafgdbasbdyodpb'U.dbqyigbagibfhbxa.grbagibz.hdbhiibdyfgrh,brodyim
ielimfigci,bfjioh;bignomribdyibzfgjp'b'Yimi!'bFbfgdimm.ldijpb'Xa.
cogbgivimbdinn!bYimibFbzidbZmpbK.mdt,'byibhofj,bxa.dys.nnxbhanizgbogj
milmaocys.npbFbyinjbzxbdagr.ibosdimbdyodpbFdbolliomhbyibyojblimh.ojijbo
J.dcybdmojfgr-ya.hibagbdyibcaohdbdabsfdbyfzba.dbqfdybhdamihbogjbraajh,
ogjbyojbhdomdijbsambdyibfgdimfambqfdybobnfrydbyiomdbogjbgabzamibfjiobas
qyodbqa.njbyolligbdabyfzbdyogbobuouxpbYibyojbuiigbqogjimfgrboua.dbdyod
mfvimbsambgiomnxbdqabxiomhbonagi,bc.dbassbsmazbivimxuajxbogjbivimxdyfgrp
'Fbozbgadbhabxa.grbohbFbnaakpbFbozbdqigdx-sfvi,'byibhofjpb'Odbsfmhdbanj
VogbHy.xdigbqa.njbdinnbzibdabrabdabdyibjivfn,'byibgommodijbqfdybkiig
ig axzigd;b'u.dbFbhd.ckbdabyfz,bogjbdonkijbogjbdonkij,bdfnnbodbnohdbyi
radbosmofjbFbqa.njbdonkbdyibyfgj-nirbassbyfhbsova.mfdibjar,bhabyibrovi
zibhazibcyiolbdyfgrhbogjbobsiqbr.gh,bogjbdanjbzibyibyalijbyibqa.njbgivim
hiibzxbsociborofgpbRaajbanjbJ.dcyzog,bVogbHy.xdigpbF'vibhigdbyfzbagi
hzonnbnadbasbfvamxbobxiombora,bhabdyodbyibcog'dbconnbzibobnfddnibdyfis
qyigbFbridbuockpbFbyalibyibradbfdpbOgjbsambdyibmihdbFbjag'dbcomipbFbyoj
hazibqaajbhdockijbsambxa.pbDyodbqohbzxbanjbya.hipbJfjbxa.bhii?'

“FbrovibyfzbDaqhag'hbuaakpbYibzojibohbdya.rybyibqa.njbkfhhbzi,bu.d
mihdmofgijbyfzhinspb'DyibagnxbuaakbFbyojbnisd,bogjbFbdya.rydbFbyojbnahd
fd,'byibhofj,bnaakfgrbodbfdbichdodfconnxpb'Habzogxboccfjigdhbyolligbda
obzogbrafgrboua.dbonagi,bxa.bkgaqpbCogaihbridb.lhidbhazidfzih--ogj
hazidfzihbxa.'vibradbdabcniomba.dbhabw.fckbqyigbdyiblialnibridbogrmxp'
Yibdy.zuijbdyiblorihpb'Xa.bzojibgadihbfgbM.hhfog?'bFbohkijpbYibgajjijp
'Fbdya.rydbdyixbqimibqmfddigbfgbcflyim,'bFbhofjpbYibno.ryij,bdyigbuicozi
himfa.hpb'Fbyojbnadhbasbdma.unibdabkiilbdyihiblialnibass,'byibhofjp
'Jfjbdyixbqogdbdabkfnnbxa.?'bFbohkijpb'Ay,bga!'byibcmfij,bogjbcyickij
yfzhinspb'Qyxbjfjbdyixboddockb.h?'bFbl.mh.ijpbYibyihfdodij,bdyig
hofjbhyozisocijnx,b'Dyixbjag'dbqogdbyfzbdabrap'b'Jag'dbdyix?'bFbhofj
c.mfa.hnxpbYibgajjijbobgajbs.nnbasbzxhdimxbogjbqfhjazpb'Fbdinnbxa.,'byi
cmfij,b'dyfhbzogbyohbignomrijbzxbzfgjp'bYibaligijbyfhbomzhbqfji,bhdomfgr
odbzibqfdybyfhbnfddnibun.ibixihbdyodbqimiblimsicdnxbma.gjp”




FFF



“Fbnaakijbodbyfz,bnahdbfgbohdagfhyzigdpbDyimibyibqohbuisamibzi,bfg
zadnix,bohbdya.rybyibyojbouhcagjijbsmazbobdma.libasbzfzih,bigdy.hfohdfc,
sou.na.hpbYfhbvimxbiefhdigcibqohbfzlmauouni,bfgielnfcouni,bogj
ondaridyimbuiqfnjimfgrpbYibqohbogbfghan.uniblmaunizpbFdbqoh
fgcagcifvounibyaqbyibyojbiefhdij,byaqbyibyojbh.cciijijbfgbriddfgrbha
som,byaqbyibyojbzogorijbdabmizofg--qyxbyibjfjbgadbfghdogdnxbjfholliomp
'Fbqigdbobnfddnibsomdyim,'byibhofj,b'dyigbhdfnnbobnfddnibsomdyim--dfnn
FbyojbragibhabsombdyodbFbjag'dbkgaqbyaqbF'nnbivimbridbuockpbGivimbzfgjp
LnigdxbdfzipbFbcogbzogoripbXa.bdokibK.mdtboqoxbw.fck--w.fck--Fbdinn
xa.p'bDyibrnoza.mbasbxa.dybigvinalijbyfhblomdf-cana.mijbmorh,byfh
jihdfd.dfag,byfhbnaginfgihh,bdyibihhigdfonbjihanodfagbasbyfhbs.dfni
qogjimfgrhpbSambzagdyh--sambxiomh--yfhbnfsibyojg'dbuiigbqamdybobjox'h
l.mcyohi;bogjbdyimibyibqohbronnogdnx,bdya.rydnihhnxbonfvi,bdabonn
olliomogcihbfgjihdm.cdfunibhaninxbuxbdyibvfmd.ibasbyfhbsiqbxiomhbogj
asbyfhb.gmisnicdfgrbo.jocfdxpbFbqohbhij.cijbfgdabhazidyfgrbnfki
ojzfmodfag--nfkibigvxpbRnoza.mb.mrijbyfzbag,brnoza.mbkildbyfz
.ghcodyijpbYibh.minxbqogdijbgadyfgrbsmazbdyibqfnjimgihhbu.dbhlocibda
umiodyibfgbogjbdabl.hybagbdyma.rypbYfhbgiijbqohbdabiefhd,bogjbdabzavi
agqomjhbodbdyibrmiodihdblahhfunibmfhk,bogjbqfdybobzoefz.zbasblmfvodfagp
Fsbdyibouhan.dinxbl.mi,b.gconc.nodfgr,b.glmocdfconbhlfmfdbasbojvigd.mi
yojbivimbm.nijboby.zogbuifgr,bfdbm.nijbdyfhbuilodcyijbxa.dypbFbonzahd
igvfijbyfzbdyiblahhihhfagbasbdyfhbzajihdbogjbcniombsnozipbFdbhiizijbda
yovibcagh.zijbonnbdya.rydbasbhinsbhabcazlnidinx,bdyodbivigbqyfnibyi
qohbdonkfgrbdabxa.,bxa.bsamradbdyodbfdbqohbyi--dyibzogbuisamibxa.m
ixih--qyabyojbragibdyma.rybdyihibdyfgrhpbFbjfjbgadbigvxbyfzbyfhbjivadfag
dabK.mdt,bdya.rypbYibyojbgadbzijfdodijbavimbfdpbFdbcozibdabyfz,bogj
yiboccildijbfdbqfdybobhamdbasbiorimbsodonfhzpbFbz.hdbhoxbdyodbdabzibfd
olliomijboua.dbdyibzahdbjogrima.hbdyfgrbfgbivimxbqoxbyibyojbcazib.lagbha
somp

“Dyixbyojbcazibdaridyimb.govafjounx,bnfkibdqabhyflhbuiconzijbgiom
iocybadyim,bogjbnoxbm.uufgrbhfjihbodbnohdpbFbh.llahibK.mdtbqogdijbog
o.jfigci,buico.hibagbobcimdofgbaccohfag,bqyigbigcozlijbfgbdyibsamihd,
dyixbyojbdonkijbonnbgfryd,bambzamiblmauounxbK.mdtbyojbdonkijpb'Qibdonkij
asbivimxdyfgr,'byibhofj,bw.fdibdmoghlamdijbodbdyibmicannicdfagpb'F
samradbdyimibqohbh.cybobdyfgrbohbhniilpbDyibgfrydbjfjbgadbhiizbdabnohd
ogbya.mpbIvimxdyfgr!bIvimxdyfgr!pppbAsbnavi,bdaap'b'Oy,byibdonkijbda
xa.basbnavi!'bFbhofj,bz.cyboz.hijpb'Fdbfhg'dbqyodbxa.bdyfgk,'byibcmfij,
onzahdblohhfagodinxpb'FdbqohbfgbrigimonpbYibzojibzibhiibdyfgrh--dyfgrhp'

“Yibdymiqbyfhbomzhb.lpbQibqimibagbjickbodbdyibdfzi,bogjbdyibyiojzog
asbzxbqaaj-c.ddimh,bna.grfgrbgiombux,bd.mgijb.lagbyfzbyfhbyiovxbogj
rnfddimfgrbixihpbFbnaakijboma.gj,bogjbFbjag'dbkgaqbqyx,bu.dbFbohh.mibxa.
dyodbgivim,bgivimbuisami,bjfjbdyfhbnogj,bdyfhbmfvim,bdyfhb .grni,bdyi
vimxbomcybasbdyfhbunotfgrbhkx,bolliombdabzibhabyalinihhbogjbhabjomk,bha
fzligidmounibdaby.zogbdya.ryd,bhablfdfnihhbdaby.zogbqiokgihhpb'Ogj,bivim
hfgci,bxa.byovibuiigbqfdybyfz,basbca.mhi?'bFbhofjp

“AgbdyibcagdmomxpbFdbolliomhbdyifmbfgdimca.mhibyojbuiigbvimxbz.cybumakig
uxbvomfa.hbco.hihpbYibyoj,bohbyibfgsamzijbziblma.jnx,bzogorijbdabg.mhi
K.mdtbdyma.rybdqabfnngihhihb(yibonn.jijbdabfdbohbxa.bqa.njbdabhazibmfhkx
siod),bu.dbohbobm.nibK.mdtbqogjimijbonagi,bsombfgbdyibjildyhbasbdyi
samihdpb'Vimxbasdigbcazfgrbdabdyfhbhdodfag,bFbyojbdabqofdbjoxhbogj
joxhbuisamibyibqa.njbd.mgb.l,'byibhofjpb'Oy,bfdbqohbqamdybqofdfgr
sam!--hazidfzihp'b'Qyodbqohbyibjafgr?bielnamfgrbambqyod?'bFbohkijpb'Ay,
xih,basbca.mhi';byibyojbjfhcavimijbnadhbasbvfnnorih,bobnoki,bdaa--yi
jfjbgadbkgaqbieocdnxbfgbqyodbjfmicdfag;bfdbqohbjogrima.hbdabfgw.fmi
daabz.cy--u.dbzahdnxbyfhbielijfdfaghbyojbuiigbsambfvamxpb'U.dbyibyojbga
raajhbdabdmojibqfdybuxbdyodbdfzi,'bFbau icdijpb'Dyimi'hbobraajbnadbas
comdmfjrihbnisdbivigbxid,'byiboghqimij,bnaakfgrboqoxpb'Dabhliokblnofgnx,
yibmofjijbdyibca.gdmx,'bFbhofjpbYibgajjijpb'Gadbonagi,bh.minx!'bYi
z.ddimijbhazidyfgrboua.dbdyibvfnnorihbma.gjbdyodbnokipb'K.mdtbradbdyi
dmfuibdabsannaqbyfz,bjfjbyi?'bFbh.rrihdijpbYibsfjridijbobnfddnipb'Dyix
ojamijbyfz,'byibhofjpbDyibdagibasbdyihibqamjhbqohbhabiedmoamjfgomxbdyod
FbnaakijbodbyfzbhiomcyfgrnxpbFdbqohbc.mfa.hbdabhiibyfhbzfgrnijbiorimgihh
ogjbmin.cdogcibdabhliokbasbK.mdtpbDyibzogbsfnnijbyfhbnfsi,bacc.lfijbyfh
dya.rydh,bhqoxijbyfhbizadfaghpb'Qyodbcogbxa.bielicd?'byibu.mhdba.d;b'yi
cozibdabdyizbqfdybdy.gjimbogjbnfrydgfgr,bxa.bkgaq--ogjbdyixbyojbgivim
hiigbogxdyfgrbnfkibfd--ogjbvimxbdimmfunipbYibca.njbuibvimxbdimmfunip
Xa.bcog'db .jribZmpbK.mdtbohbxa.bqa.njbogbamjfgomxbzogpbGa,bga,bga!
Gaq-- .hdbdabrfvibxa.bogbfjio--Fbjag'dbzfgjbdinnfgrbxa.,byibqogdijbda
hyaadbzi,bdaa,bagibjox--u.dbFbjag'db .jribyfzp'b'Hyaadbxa.!'bFbcmfij
'Qyodbsam?'b'Qinn,bFbyojbobhzonnbnadbasbfvamxbdyibcyfisbasbdyodbvfnnori
giombzxbya.hibrovibzipbXa.bhiibFb.hijbdabhyaadbrozibsambdyizpbQinn,
yibqogdijbfd,bogjbqa.njg'dbyiombmiohagpbYibjicnomijbyibqa.njbhyaadbzi
.gnihhbFbrovibyfzbdyibfvamxbogjbdyigbcniomijba.dbasbdyibca.gdmx,buico.hi
yibca.njbjabha,bogjbyojbobsogcxbsambfd,bogjbdyimibqohbgadyfgrbagbiomdy
dablmivigdbyfzbkfnnfgrbqyazbyib annxbqinnblniohijpbOgjbfdbqohbdm.i,bdaap
FbrovibyfzbdyibfvamxpbQyodbjfjbFbcomi!bU.dbFbjfjg'dbcniomba.dpbGa,bgapbF
ca.njg'dbniovibyfzpbFbyojbdabuibcomis.n,basbca.mhi,bdfnnbqibradbsmfigjnx
orofgbsambobdfzipbYibyojbyfhbhicagjbfnngihhbdyigpbOsdimqomjhbFbyojbda
kiilba.dbasbdyibqox;bu.dbFbjfjg'dbzfgjpbYibqohbnfvfgrbsambdyibzahdblomd
fgbdyahibvfnnorihbagbdyibnokipbQyigbyibcozibjaqgbdabdyibmfvim,bhazidfzih
yibqa.njbdokibdabzi,bogjbhazidfzihbfdbqohbuiddimbsambzibdabuibcomis.np
Dyfhbzogbh.ssimijbdaabz.cypbYibyodijbonnbdyfh,bogjbhaziyaqbyibca.njg'd
ridboqoxpbQyigbFbyojbobcyogcibFbuirrijbyfzbdabdmxbogjbniovibqyfnibdyimi
qohbdfzi;bFbassimijbdabrabuockbqfdybyfzpbOgjbyibqa.njbhoxbxih,bogjbdyig
yibqa.njbmizofg;brabassbagbogadyimbfvamxby.gd;bjfholliombsambqiikh;
samridbyfzhinsbozagrhdbdyihiblialni--samridbyfzhins--xa.bkgaqp'b'Qyx!
yi'hbzoj,'bFbhofjpbYiblmadihdijbfgjfrgogdnxpbZmpbK.mdtbca.njg'dbuibzojp
FsbFbyojbyiomjbyfzbdonk,bagnxbdqabjoxhbora,bFbqa.njg'dbjomibyfgdbodbh.cy
obdyfgrppppbFbyojbdokigb.lbzxbufgac.nomhbqyfnibqibdonkij,bogjbqoh
naakfgrbodbdyibhyami,bhqiilfgrbdyibnfzfdbasbdyibsamihdbodbiocybhfjibogj
odbdyibuockbasbdyibya.hipbDyibcaghcfa.hgihhbasbdyimibuifgrblialnibfg
dyodbu.hy,bhabhfnigd,bhabw.fid--ohbhfnigdbogjbw.fidbohbdyibm.fgijbya.hi
agbdyibyfnn--zojibzib.giohxpbDyimibqohbgabhfrgbagbdyibsocibasbgod.mi
asbdyfhbozotfgrbdonibdyodbqohbgadbhabz.cybdanjbohbh.rrihdijbdabzibfg
jihanodibiecnozodfagh,bcazlnidijbuxbhym.rh,bfgbfgdimm.ldijblymohih,bfg
yfgdhbigjfgrbfgbjiilbhfryhpbDyibqaajhbqimib.gzavij,bnfkibobzohk--yiovx,
nfkibdyibcnahijbjaambasboblmfhag--dyixbnaakijbqfdybdyifmbofmbasbyfjjig
kgaqnijri,basblodfigdbielicdodfag,basb.gollmaocyounibhfnigcipbDyi
M.hhfogbqohbielnofgfgrbdabzibdyodbfdbqohbagnxbnodinxbdyodbZmpbK.mdtbyoj
cazibjaqgbdabdyibmfvim,bumfgrfgrbonagrbqfdybyfzbonnbdyibsfrydfgrbzigbas
dyodbnokibdmfuipbYibyojbuiigbouhigdbsambhivimonbzagdyh--riddfgrbyfzhins
ojamij,bFbh.llahi--ogjbyojbcazibjaqgb.gielicdijnx,bqfdybdyibfgdigdfag
dabonnbolliomogcibasbzokfgrbobmofjbifdyimbocmahhbdyibmfvimbambjaqg
hdmiozpbIvfjigdnxbdyibollidfdibsambzamibfvamxbyojbradbdyibuiddimbas
dyi--qyodbhyonnbFbhox?--nihhbzodimfonbohlfmodfaghpbYaqivimbyibyoj
radbz.cybqamhibh.jjignxpb'Fbyiomjbyibqohbnxfgrbyinlnihh,bogjbhabFbcozi
.l--daakbzxbcyogci,'bhofjbdyibM.hhfogpb'Ay,byibfhbuoj,bvimxbuojp'bF
jfmicdijbzxbrnohhbdabdyibya.hipbDyimibqimibgabhfrghbasbnfsi,bu.dbdyimi
qohbdyibm.fgijbmaas,bdyibnagrbz.jbqonnbliilfgrbouavibdyibrmohh,bqfdy
dymiibnfddnibhw.omibqfgjaq-yanih,bgabdqabasbdyibhozibhfti;bonnbdyfh
uma.rydbqfdyfgbmiocybasbzxbyogj,bohbfdbqimipbOgjbdyigbFbzojibobum.hw.i
zavizigd,bogjbagibasbdyibmizofgfgrblahdhbasbdyodbvogfhyijbsigcibniolij
.lbfgbdyibsfinjbasbzxbrnohhpbXa.bmizizuimbFbdanjbxa.bFbyojbuiigbhdm.ck
odbdyibjfhdogcibuxbcimdofgboddizldhbodbamgozigdodfag,bmodyimbmizomkouni
fgbdyibm.fga.hbohlicdbasbdyiblnocipbGaqbFbyojbh.jjignxbobgiomimbvfiq,
ogjbfdhbsfmhdbmih.ndbqohbdabzokibzibdymaqbzxbyiojbuockbohbfsbuisamibo
unaqpbDyigbFbqigdbcomis.nnxbsmazblahdbdablahdbqfdybzxbrnohh,bogjbFbhoq
zxbzfhdokipbDyihibma.gjbkgauhbqimibgadbamgozigdonbu.dbhxzuanfc;bdyix
qimibielmihhfvibogjbl.ttnfgr,bhdmfkfgrbogjbjfhd.mufgr--saajbsambdya.ryd
ogjbonhabsambv.nd.mihbfsbdyimibyojbuiigbogxbnaakfgrbjaqgbsmazbdyibhkx;
u.dbodbonnbivigdhbsambh.cybogdhbohbqimibfgj.hdmfa.hbiga.rybdabohcigj
dyiblanipbDyixbqa.njbyovibuiigbivigbzamibfzlmihhfvi,bdyahibyiojhbagbdyi
hdokih,bfsbdyifmbsocihbyojbgadbuiigbd.mgijbdabdyibya.hipbAgnxbagi,bdyi
sfmhdbFbyojbzojiba.d,bqohbsocfgrbzxbqoxpbFbqohbgadbhabhyackijbohbxa.bzox
dyfgkpbDyibhdomdbuockbFbyojbrfvigbqohbmionnxbgadyfgrbu.dbobzavizigd
asbh.mlmfhipbFbyojbielicdijbdabhiibobkgaubasbqaajbdyimi,bxa.bkgaqpbF
mid.mgijbjinfuimodinxbdabdyibsfmhdbFbyojbhiig--ogjbdyimibfdbqoh,bunock,
jmfij,bh.gkig,bqfdybcnahijbixinfjh--obyiojbdyodbhiizijbdabhniilbodbdyi
dalbasbdyodblani,bogj,bqfdybdyibhym.gkigbjmxbnflhbhyaqfgrbobgommaq
qyfdibnfgibasbdyibdiidy,bqohbhzfnfgr,bdaa,bhzfnfgrbcagdfg.a.hnxbodbhazi
igjnihhbogjb acahibjmiozbasbdyodbidimgonbhn.zuimp

“FbozbgadbjfhcnahfgrbogxbdmojibhicmidhpbFgbsocd,bdyibzogorimbhofj
osdimqomjhbdyodbZmpbK.mdt'hbzidyajhbyojbm.fgijbdyibjfhdmfcdpbFbyovibga
alfgfagbagbdyodblafgd,bu.dbFbqogdbxa.bcniomnxbdab.gjimhdogjbdyodbdyimi
qohbgadyfgrbieocdnxblmasfdounibfgbdyihibyiojhbuifgrbdyimipbDyixbagnx
hyaqijbdyodbZmpbK.mdtbnockijbmihdmofgdbfgbdyibrmodfsfcodfagbasbyfh
vomfa.hbn.hdh,bdyodbdyimibqohbhazidyfgrbqogdfgrbfgbyfz--hazibhzonn
zoddimbqyfcy,bqyigbdyiblmihhfgrbgiijbomahi,bca.njbgadbuibsa.gjb.gjim
yfhbzorgfsfcigdbinaw.igcipbQyidyimbyibkgiqbasbdyfhbjisfcfigcxbyfzhinsbF
cog'dbhoxpbFbdyfgkbdyibkgaqnijribcozibdabyfzbodbnohd--agnxbodbdyibvimx
nohdpbU.dbdyibqfnjimgihhbyojbsa.gjbyfzba.dbiomnx,bogjbyojbdokigbagbyfzbo
dimmfunibvigriogcibsambdyibsogdohdfcbfgvohfagpbFbdyfgkbfdbyojbqyfhlimij
dabyfzbdyfgrhboua.dbyfzhinsbqyfcybyibjfjbgadbkgaq,bdyfgrhbasbqyfcybyi
yojbgabcagcildfagbdfnnbyibdaakbca.ghinbqfdybdyfhbrmiodbhanfd.ji--ogjbdyi
qyfhlimbyojblmavijbfmmihfhdfunxbsohcfgodfgrpbFdbicyaijbna.jnxbqfdyfgbyfz
uico.hibyibqohbyannaqbodbdyibcamippppbFbl.dbjaqgbdyibrnohh,bogjbdyi
yiojbdyodbyojbolliomijbgiombiga.rybdabuibhlakigbdabhiizijbodbagcibda
yovibniolijboqoxbsmazbzibfgdabfgoccihhfunibjfhdogcip

“DyibojzfmimbasbZmpbK.mdtbqohbobufdbcmihdsonnigpbFgboby.mmfij,
fgjfhdfgcdbvafcibyibuirogbdabohh.mibzibyibyojbgadbjomijbdabdoki
dyihi--hox,bhxzuanh--jaqgpbYibqohbgadbosmofjbasbdyibgodfvih;bdyixbqa.nj
gadbhdfmbdfnnbZmpbK.mdtbrovibdyibqamjpbYfhbohcigjogcxbqohbiedmoamjfgomxp
Dyibcozlhbasbdyihiblialnibh.mma.gjijbdyiblnoci,bogjbdyibcyfishbcozi
ivimxbjoxbdabhiibyfzpbDyixbqa.njbcmoqnppppb'Fbjag'dbqogdbdabkgaq
ogxdyfgrbasbdyibcimizagfihb.hijbqyigbollmaocyfgrbZmpbK.mdt,'bFbhya.dijp
C.mfa.h,bdyfhbsiinfgrbdyodbcozibavimbzibdyodbh.cybjidofnhbqa.njbuibzami
fgdanimounibdyogbdyahibyiojhbjmxfgrbagbdyibhdokihb.gjimbZmpbK.mdt'h
qfgjaqhpbOsdimbonn,bdyodbqohbagnxbobhovoribhfryd,bqyfnibFbhiizijbod
agibua.gjbdabyovibuiigbdmoghlamdijbfgdabhazibnfrydnihhbmirfagbasbh.udni
yammamh,bqyimibl.mi,b.gcazlnfcodijbhovorimxbqohboblahfdfvibminfis,buifgr
hazidyfgrbdyodbyojbobmfrydbdabiefhd--auvfa.hnx--fgbdyibh.ghyfgipbDyi
xa.grbzogbnaakijbodbzibqfdybh.mlmfhipbFbh.llahibfdbjfjbgadbacc.mbda
yfzbdyodbZmpbK.mdtbqohbgabfjanbasbzfgipbYibsamradbFbyojg'dbyiomjbogxbas
dyihibhlnigjfjbzaganar.ihbag,bqyodbqohbfd?bagbnavi,b .hdfci,bcagj.cd
asbnfsi--ambqyodbgadpbFsbfdbyojbcazibdabcmoqnfgrbuisamibZmpbK.mdt,byi
cmoqnijbohbz.cybohbdyibvimfihdbhovoribasbdyizbonnpbFbyojbgabfjiobasbdyi
cagjfdfagh,byibhofj:bdyihibyiojhbqimibdyibyiojhbasbmiuinhpbFbhyackijbyfz
iecihhfvinxbuxbno.ryfgrpbMiuinh!bQyodbqa.njbuibdyibgiedbjisfgfdfagbF
qohbdabyiom?bDyimibyojbuiigbigizfih,bcmfzfgonh,bqamkimh--ogjbdyihi
qimibmiuinhpbDyahibmiuinnfa.hbyiojhbnaakijbvimxbh.uj.ijbdabzibagbdyifm
hdfckhpb'Xa.bjag'dbkgaqbyaqbh.cybobnfsibdmfihbobzogbnfkibK.mdt,'bcmfij
K.mdt'hbnohdbjfhcflnipb'Qinn,bogjbxa.?'bFbhofjpb'F!bF!bFbozbobhfzlni
zogpbFbyovibgabrmiodbdya.rydhpbFbqogdbgadyfgrbsmazbogxuajxpbYaqbcog
xa.bcazlomibzibdappp?'bYfhbsiinfgrhbqimibdaabz.cybsambhliicy,bogj
h.jjignxbyibumakibjaqgpb'Fbjag'db.gjimhdogj,'byibrmaogijpb'F'vibuiig
jafgrbzxbuihdbdabkiilbyfzbonfvi,bogjbdyod'hbiga.rypbFbyojbgabyogjbfg
onnbdyfhpbFbyovibgaboufnfdfihpbDyimibyohg'dbuiigbobjmalbasbzijfcfgibambo
za.dys.nbasbfgvonfjbsaajbsambzagdyhbyimipbYibqohbhyozis.nnxbouogjagijp
Obzogbnfkibdyfh,bqfdybh.cybfjiohpbHyozis.nnx!bHyozis.nnx!bF--F--yovig'd
hnildbsambdyibnohdbdigbgfrydhppp'

“YfhbvafcibnahdbfdhinsbfgbdyibconzbasbdyibivigfgrpbDyibnagrbhyojaqhbas
dyibsamihdbyojbhnfllijbjaqgyfnnbqyfnibqibdonkij,byojbragibsombuixagj
dyibm.fgijbyavin,buixagjbdyibhxzuanfcbmaqbasbhdokihpbOnnbdyfhbqohbfgbdyi
rnaaz,bqyfnibqibjaqgbdyimibqimibxidbfgbdyibh.ghyfgi,bogjbdyibhdmidcy
asbdyibmfvimboumiohdbasbdyibcniomfgrbrnfddimijbfgbobhdfnnbogjbjottnfgr
hlnigja.m,bqfdybobz.mkxbogjbavimhyojaqijbuigjbouavibogjbuinaqpbGadbo
nfvfgrbha.nbqohbhiigbagbdyibhyamipbDyibu.hyihbjfjbgadbm.hdnip

“H.jjignxbma.gjbdyibcamgimbasbdyibya.hibobrma.lbasbzigbolliomij,boh
dya.rybdyixbyojbcazib.lbsmazbdyibrma.gjpbDyixbqojijbqofhd-jiilbfgbdyi
rmohh,bfgbobcazlocdbuajx,buiomfgrbogbfzlmavfhijbhdmidcyimbfgbdyifm
zfjhdpbFghdogdnx,bfgbdyibizldfgihhbasbdyibnogjhcoli,bobcmxbomahibqyahi
hymfnngihhblfimcijbdyibhdfnnbofmbnfkibobhyomlbommaqbsnxfgrbhdmofrydbda
dyibvimxbyiomdbasbdyibnogj;bogj,bohbfsbuxbigcyogdzigd,bhdmiozhbasby.zog
uifgrh--asbgokijby.zogbuifgrh--qfdybhliomhbfgbdyifmbyogjh,bqfdybuaqh,
qfdybhyfinjh,bqfdybqfnjbrnogcihbogjbhovoribzavizigdh,bqimibla.mijbfgda
dyibcniomfgrbuxbdyibjomk-socijbogjblighfvibsamihdpbDyibu.hyihbhyaak,bdyi
rmohhbhqoxijbsambobdfzi,bogjbdyigbivimxdyfgrbhdaajbhdfnnbfgboddigdfvi
fzzaufnfdxp

“'Gaq,bfsbyibjaihbgadbhoxbdyibmfrydbdyfgrbdabdyizbqibomibonnbjagibsam,'
hofjbdyibM.hhfogbodbzxbinuaqpbDyibkgadbasbzigbqfdybdyibhdmidcyimbyoj
hdallij,bdaa,byonsqoxbdabdyibhdiozim,bohbfsblidmfsfijpbFbhoqbdyibzogbag
dyibhdmidcyimbhfdb.l,bnogkbogjbqfdybogb.lnfsdijbomz,bouavibdyibhya.njimh
asbdyibuiomimhpb'Nidb.hbyalibdyodbdyibzogbqyabcogbdonkbhabqinnbasbnavi
fgbrigimonbqfnnbsfgjbhaziblomdfc.nombmiohagbdabhlomib.hbdyfhbdfzi,'bF
hofjpbFbmihigdijbufddimnxbdyibouh.mjbjogrimbasba.mbhfd.odfag,bohbfs
dabuibodbdyibzimcxbasbdyodbodmacfa.hblyogdazbyojbuiigbobjfhyaga.mfgr
gicihhfdxpbFbca.njbgadbyiombobha.gj,bu.dbdyma.rybzxbrnohhihbFbhoqbdyi
dyfgbomzbiedigjijbcazzogjfgrnx,bdyibnaqimb oqbzavfgr,bdyibixihbas
dyodbollomfdfagbhyfgfgrbjomknxbsombfgbfdhbuagxbyiojbdyodbgajjijbqfdy
rmadihw.ib imkhpbK.mdt--K.mdt--dyodbzioghbhyamdbfgbRimzog--jag'dbfd?
Qinn,bdyibgozibqohbohbdm.ibohbivimxdyfgrbinhibfgbyfhbnfsi--ogjbjiodyp
YibnaakijbodbniohdbhivigbsiidbnagrpbYfhbcavimfgrbyojbsonnigbass,bogjbyfh
uajxbizimrijbsmazbfdblfdfs.nbogjbollonnfgrbohbsmazbobqfgjfgr-hyiidpbF
ca.njbhiibdyibcoribasbyfhbmfuhbonnbohdfm,bdyibuagihbasbyfhbomzbqovfgrp
Fdbqohbohbdya.rybogbogfzodijbfzoribasbjiodybcomvijba.dbasbanjbfvamxbyoj
uiigbhyokfgrbfdhbyogjbqfdybzigocihbodbobzadfagnihhbcmaqjbasbzigbzojibas
jomkbogjbrnfddimfgrbumagtipbFbhoqbyfzbaligbyfhbza.dybqfji--fdbrovibyfz
obqifmjnxbvamocfa.hbohlicd,bohbdya.rybyibyojbqogdijbdabhqonnaqbonnbdyi
ofm,bonnbdyibiomdy,bonnbdyibzigbuisamibyfzpbObjiilbvafcibmiocyij
zibsofgdnxpbYibz.hdbyovibuiigbhya.dfgrpbYibsinnbuockbh.jjignxpbDyi
hdmidcyimbhyaakbohbdyibuiomimhbhdorrimijbsamqomjborofg,bogjbonzahdbod
dyibhozibdfzibFbgadfcijbdyodbdyibcmaqjbasbhovorihbqohbvogfhyfgrbqfdya.d
ogxblimcildfunibzavizigdbasbmidmiod,bohbfsbdyibsamihdbdyodbyojbi icdij
dyihibuifgrhbhabh.jjignxbyojbjmoqgbdyizbfgborofgbohbdyibumiodybfhbjmoqg
fgbobnagrbohlfmodfagp

“Hazibasbdyiblfnrmfzhbuiyfgjbdyibhdmidcyimbcommfijbyfh
omzh--dqabhyad-r.gh,bobyiovxbmfsni,bogjbobnfrydbmivanvim-comufgi--dyi
dy.gjimuandhbasbdyodblfdfs.nb .lfdimpbDyibzogorimbuigdbavimbyfz
z.mz.mfgrbohbyibqonkijbuihfjibyfhbyiojpbDyixbnofjbyfzbjaqgbfgbagibasbdyi
nfddnibcoufgh-- .hdbobmaazbsambobuijblnocibogjbobcozl-hdaanbambdqa,
xa.bkgaqpbQibyojbuma.rydbyfhbuinodijbcammihlagjigci,bogjbobnadbasbdamg
igvinalihbogjbaligbniddimhbnfddimijbyfhbuijpbYfhbyogjbmaozijbsiiunx
ozagrhdbdyihiblolimhpbFbqohbhdm.ckbuxbdyibsfmibasbyfhbixihbogjbdyi
cazlahijbnogr.ambasbyfhbielmihhfagpbFdbqohbgadbhabz.cybdyibieyo.hdfagbas
jfhiohipbYibjfjbgadbhiizbfgblofgpbDyfhbhyojaqbnaakijbhodfodijbogjbconz,
ohbdya.rybsambdyibzazigdbfdbyojbyojbfdhbsfnnbasbonnbdyibizadfaghp

“Yibm.hdnijbagibasbdyibniddimh,bogjbnaakfgrbhdmofrydbfgbzxbsocibhofj,
'Fbozbrnojp'bHaziuajxbyojbuiigbqmfdfgrbdabyfzboua.dbzipbDyihibhlicfon
micazzigjodfaghbqimibd.mgfgrb.lborofgpbDyibvan.zibasbdagibyibizfddij
qfdya.dbissamd,bonzahdbqfdya.dbdyibdma.unibasbzavfgrbyfhbnflh,bozotij
zipbObvafci!bobvafci!bFdbqohbrmovi,blmasa.gj,bvfumodfgr,bqyfnibdyibzog
jfjbgadbhiizbcolounibasbobqyfhlimpbYaqivim,byibyojbiga.rybhdmigrdybfg
yfz--socdfdfa.hbgabja.ud--dabvimxbgiomnxbzokibogbigjbasb.h,bohbxa.
hyonnbyiombjfmicdnxp

“Dyibzogorimbolliomijbhfnigdnxbfgbdyibjaamqox;bFbhdillijba.dbodbagci
ogjbyibjmiqbdyibc.mdofgbosdimbzipbDyibM.hhfog,bixijbc.mfa.hnxbuxbdyi
lfnrmfzh,bqohbhdomfgrbodbdyibhyamipbFbsannaqijbdyibjfmicdfagbasbyfh
rnogcip

“Jomkby.zogbhyolihbca.njbuibzojiba.dbfgbdyibjfhdogci,bsnfddfgr
fgjfhdfgcdnxborofghdbdyibrnaazxbuamjimbasbdyibsamihd,bogjbgiombdyibmfvim
dqabumagtibsfr.mih,bniogfgrbagbdonnbhliomh,bhdaajbfgbdyibh.gnfrydb.gjim
sogdohdfcbyioj-jmihhihbasbhladdijbhkfgh,bqomnfkibogjbhdfnnbfgbhdod.ihw.i
milahipbOgjbsmazbmfrydbdabnisdbonagrbdyibnfrydijbhyamibzavijbobqfnjbogj
ramria.hbollomfdfagbasbobqazogp

“Hyibqonkijbqfdybzioh.mijbhdilh,bjmolijbfgbhdmflijbogjbsmfgrijbcnadyh,
dmiojfgrbdyibiomdyblma.jnx,bqfdybobhnfrydb fgrnibogjbsnohybasbuomuoma.h
amgozigdhpbHyibcommfijbyimbyiojbyfry;byimbyofmbqohbjagibfgbdyibhyolibas
obyinzid;bhyibyojbumohhbnirrfgrhbdabdyibkgii,bumohhbqfmibro.gdnidhbda
dyibinuaq,bobcmfzhagbhladbagbyimbdoqgxbcyiik,bfgg.zimounibgicknocihbas
rnohhbuiojhbagbyimbgick;buftommibdyfgrh,bcyomzh,brfsdhbasbqfdcy-zig,
dyodby.grboua.dbyim,brnfddimijbogjbdmizunijbodbivimxbhdilpbHyibz.hdbyovi
yojbdyibvon.ibasbhivimonbinilyogdbd.hkhb.lagbyimpbHyibqohbhovoribogj
h.limu,bqfnj-ixijbogjbzorgfsfcigd;bdyimibqohbhazidyfgrbazfga.hbogj
hdodinxbfgbyimbjinfuimodiblmarmihhpbOgjbfgbdyiby.hybdyodbyojbsonnig
h.jjignxb.lagbdyibqyanibhammaqs.nbnogj,bdyibfzzighibqfnjimgihh,bdyi
canahhonbuajxbasbdyibsic.gjbogjbzxhdimfa.hbnfsibhiizijbdabnaakbodbyim,
lighfvi,bohbdya.rybfdbyojbuiigbnaakfgrbodbdyibfzoribasbfdhbaqgbdigiuma.h
ogjblohhfagodibha.np

“Hyibcoziboumiohdbasbdyibhdiozim,bhdaajbhdfnn,bogjbsocijb.hpbYimbnagr
hyojaqbsinnbdabdyibqodim'hbijripbYimbsocibyojbobdmorfcbogjbsfimci
ohlicdbasbqfnjbhammaqbogjbasbj.zublofgbzfgrnijbqfdybdyibsiombasbhazi
hdm.rrnfgr,byons-hyolijbmihanvipbHyibhdaajbnaakfgrbodb.hbqfdya.dbo
hdfm,bogjbnfkibdyibqfnjimgihhbfdhins,bqfdybogbofmbasbumaajfgrbavimbog
fghcm.dounibl.mlahipbObqyanibzfg.diblohhij,bogjbdyigbhyibzojibobhdil
samqomjpbDyimibqohbobnaqb fgrni,bobrnfgdbasbxinnaqbzidon,bobhqoxbas
smfgrijbjmolimfih,bogjbhyibhdallijbohbfsbyimbyiomdbyojbsofnijbyimpbDyi
xa.grbsinnaqbuxbzxbhfjibrmaqnijpbDyiblfnrmfzhbz.mz.mijbodbzxbuockp
Hyibnaakijbodb.hbonnbohbfsbyimbnfsibyojbjiligjijb.lagbdyib.ghqimvfgr
hdiojfgihhbasbyimbrnogcipbH.jjignxbhyibaligijbyimbuomijbomzhbogjbdymiq
dyizb.lbmfrfjbouavibyimbyioj,bohbdya.rybfgbogb.gcagdmannounibjihfmibda
da.cybdyibhkx,bogjbodbdyibhozibdfzibdyibhqfsdbhyojaqhbjomdijba.dbagbdyi
iomdy,bhqildboma.gjbagbdyibmfvim,brodyimfgrbdyibhdiozimbfgdabobhyojaqx
izumocipbObsamzfjounibhfnigciby.grbavimbdyibhcigip

“Hyibd.mgijboqoxbhnaqnx,bqonkijbag,bsannaqfgrbdyibuogk,bogjblohhijbfgda
dyibu.hyihbdabdyibnisdpbAgcibagnxbyimbixihbrniozijbuockbodb.hbfgbdyi
j.hkbasbdyibdyfckidhbuisamibhyibjfholliomijp

“'FsbhyibyojbassimijbdabcazibouaomjbFbmionnxbdyfgkbFbqa.njbyovibdmfijbda
hyaadbyim,'bhofjbdyibzogbasblodcyih,bgimva.hnxpb'Fbyovibuiigbmfhkfgrbzx
nfsibivimxbjoxbsambdyibnohdbsamdgfrydbdabkiilbyimba.dbasbdyibya.hipbHyi
radbfgbagibjoxbogjbkfckijb.lbobmaqboua.dbdyahibzfhimounibmorhbFblfckij
.lbfgbdyibhdamimaazbdabzigjbzxbcnadyihbqfdypbFbqohg'dbjicigdpbOdbniohd
fdbz.hdbyovibuiigbdyod,bsambhyibdonkijbnfkibobs.mxbdabK.mdtbsambogbya.m,
lafgdfgrbodbzibgaqbogjbdyigpbFbjag'db.gjimhdogjbdyibjfonicdbasbdyfh
dmfuipbN.ckfnxbsambzi,bFbsogcxbK.mdtbsindbdaabfnnbdyodbjoxbdabcomi,bam
dyimibqa.njbyovibuiigbzfhcyfispbFbjag'db.gjimhdogjppppbGa--fd'hbdaa
z.cybsambzipbOy,bqinn,bfd'hbonnbavimbgaqp'

“OdbdyfhbzazigdbFbyiomjbK.mdt'hbjiilbvafcibuiyfgjbdyibc.mdofg:b'Hovi
zi!--hovibdyibfvamx,bxa.bziogpbJag'dbdinnbzipbHovib_zi!_bQyx,bF'vibyojbda
hovibxa.pbXa.bomibfgdimm.ldfgrbzxblnoghbgaqpbHfck!bHfck!bGadbhabhfckboh
xa.bqa.njbnfkibdabuinfivipbGivimbzfgjpbF'nnbcommxbzxbfjiohba.dbxid--F
qfnnbmid.mgpbF'nnbhyaqbxa.bqyodbcogbuibjagipbXa.bqfdybxa.mbnfddni
lijjnfgrbgadfagh--xa.bomibfgdimsimfgrbqfdybzipbFbqfnnbmid.mgpbFpppp'

“Dyibzogorimbcoziba.dpbYibjfjbzibdyibyaga.mbdabdokibzib.gjimbdyibomz
ogjbniojbzibohfjipb'Yibfhbvimxbnaq,bvimxbnaq,'byibhofjpbYibcaghfjimijbfd
gicihhomxbdabhfry,bu.dbgirnicdijbdabuibcaghfhdigdnxbhammaqs.npb'Qibyovi
jagibonnbqibca.njbsambyfz--yovig'dbqi?bU.dbdyimibfhbgabjfhr.fhfgrbdyi
socd,bZmpbK.mdtbyohbjagibzamibyomzbdyogbraajbdabdyibCazlogxpbYibjfj
gadbhiibdyibdfzibqohbgadbmflibsambvframa.hbocdfagpbCo.dfa.hnx,
co.dfa.hnx--dyod'hbzxblmfgcflnipbQibz.hdbuibco.dfa.hbxidpbDyibjfhdmfcd
fhbcnahijbdab.hbsambobdfzipbJilnamouni!b.lagbdyibqyani,bdyibdmojibqfnn
h.ssimpbFbjag'dbjigxbdyimibfhbobmizomkounibw.ogdfdxbasbfvamx--zahdnx
sahhfnpbQibz.hdbhovibfd,bodbonnbivigdh--u.dbnaakbyaqblmicomfa.hbdyi
lahfdfagbfh--ogjbqyx?bUico.hibdyibzidyajbfhb.gha.gjp'b'Jabxa.,'bhofjbF,
naakfgrbodbdyibhyami,b'connbfdb“.gha.gjbzidyaj?”'b'Qfdya.dbja.ud,'byi
iecnofzijbyadnxpb'Jag'dbxa.?'pppb'Gabzidyajbodbonn,'bFbz.mz.mijbosdim
obqyfnipb'Ieocdnx,'byibie.ndijpb'FbogdfcflodijbdyfhpbHyaqhbobcazlnidi
qogdbasb .jrzigdpbFdbfhbzxbj.dxbdablafgdbfdba.dbfgbdyiblmalimbw.omdimp'
'Ay,'bhofjbF,b'dyodbsinnaq--qyod'hbyfhbgozi?--dyibumfckzokim,bqfnnbzoki
obmiojounibmilamdbsambxa.p'bYibolliomijbcagsa.gjijbsambobzazigdpbFd
hiizijbdabzibFbyojbgivimbumiodyijbogbodzahlyimibhabvfni,bogjbFbd.mgij
zigdonnxbdabK.mdtbsambminfis--lahfdfvinxbsambminfispb'GivimdyinihhbF
dyfgkbZmpbK.mdtbfhbobmizomkounibzog,'bFbhofjbqfdybizlyohfhpbYibhdomdij,
jmallijbagbzibobyiovxbrnogci,bhofjbvimxbw.fidnx,b'yib_qoh_,'bogjbd.mgij
yfhbuockbagbzipbZxbya.mbasbsova.mbqohbavim;bFbsa.gjbzxhinsbn.zlijbonagr
qfdybK.mdtbohboblomdfhogbasbzidyajhbsambqyfcybdyibdfzibqohbgadbmfli:
Fbqohb.gha.gj!bOy!bu.dbfdbqohbhazidyfgrbdabyovibodbniohdbobcyafcibas
gfrydzomihp

“Fbyojbd.mgijbdabdyibqfnjimgihhbmionnx,bgadbdabZmpbK.mdt,bqya,bFbqoh
miojxbdabojzfd,bqohbohbraajbohbu.mfijpbOgjbsambobzazigdbfdbhiizijbdabzi
ohbfsbFbonhabqimibu.mfijbfgbobvohdbrmovibs.nnbasb.ghliokounibhicmidhpbF
sindbogbfgdanimounibqifrydballmihhfgrbzxbumiohd,bdyibhzinnbasbdyibjozl
iomdy,bdyib.ghiigblmihigcibasbvfcdamfa.hbcamm.ldfag,bdyibjomkgihhbasbog
fzligidmounibgfrydppppbDyibM.hhfogbdollijbzibagbdyibhya.njimpbFbyiomj
yfzbz.zunfgrbogjbhdozzimfgrbhazidyfgrboua.db'umadyimbhiozog--ca.njg'd
cagcion--kgaqnijribasbzoddimhbdyodbqa.njbossicdbZmpbK.mdt'h
mil.dodfagp'bFbqofdijpbSambyfzbivfjigdnxbZmpbK.mdtbqohbgadbfgbyfhbrmovi;
Fbh.hlicdbdyodbsambyfzbZmpbK.mdtbqohbagibasbdyibfzzamdonhpb'Qinn!'bhofj
Fbodbnohd,b'hliokba.dpbOhbfdbyolligh,bFbozbZmpbK.mdt'hbsmfigj--fgbo
qoxp'

“Yibhdodijbqfdybobraajbjionbasbsamzonfdxbdyodbyojbqibgadbuiigb'asbdyi
hoziblmasihhfag,'byibqa.njbyovibkildbdyibzoddimbdabyfzhinsbqfdya.d
miromjbdabcaghiw.igcihpb'Yibh.hlicdijbdyimibqohbogbocdfvibfnn-qfnn
daqomjhbyfzbagbdyiblomdbasbdyihibqyfdibzigbdyod--'b'Xa.bomibmfryd,'bF
hofj,bmizizuimfgrbobcimdofgbcagvimhodfagbFbyojbavimyiomjpb'Dyibzogorim
dyfgkhbxa.ba.rydbdabuibyogrijp'bYibhyaqijbobcagcimgbodbdyfhbfgdinnfrigci
qyfcyboz.hijbzibodbsfmhdpb'Fbyojbuiddimbridba.dbasbdyibqoxbw.fidnx,'
yibhofjbiomgihdnxpb'FbcogbjabgabzamibsambK.mdtbgaq,bogjbdyixbqa.njbhaag
sfgjbhazibiec.hipbQyod'hbdabhdalbdyiz?bDyimi'hbobzfnfdomxblahdbdymii
y.gjmijbzfnihbsmazbyimip'b'Qinn,b.lagbzxbqamj,'bhofjbF,b'limyolhbxa.
yojbuiddimbrabfsbxa.byovibogxbsmfigjhbozagrhdbdyibhovorihbgiombuxp'
'Lnigdx,'byibhofjpb'Dyixbomibhfzlniblialni--ogjbFbqogdbgadyfgr,bxa.
kgaqp'bYibhdaajbufdfgrbyfhbnfl,bdyig:b'Fbjag'dbqogdbogxbyomzbdabyollig
dabdyihibqyfdihbyimi,bu.dbasbca.mhibFbqohbdyfgkfgrbasbZmpbK.mdt'h
mil.dodfag--u.dbxa.bomibobumadyimbhiozogbogj--'b'Onnbmfryd,'bhofjbF,
osdimbobdfzipb'ZmpbK.mdt'hbmil.dodfagbfhbhosibqfdybzip'bFbjfjbgadbkgaq
yaqbdm.nxbFbhlakip

“Yibfgsamzijbzi,bnaqimfgrbyfhbvafci,bdyodbfdbqohbK.mdtbqyabyojbamjimij
dyiboddockbdabuibzojibagbdyibhdiozimpb'Yibyodijbhazidfzihbdyibfjiobas
uifgrbdokigboqox--ogjbdyigborofgppppbU.dbFbjag'db.gjimhdogjbdyihi
zoddimhpbFbozbobhfzlnibzogpbYibdya.rydbfdbqa.njbhcomibxa.boqox--dyodbxa.
qa.njbrfvibfdb.l,bdyfgkfgrbyfzbjiojpbFbca.njbgadbhdalbyfzpbAy,bFbyojbog
oqs.nbdfzibasbfdbdyfhbnohdbzagdyp'b'Vimxbqinn,'bFbhofjpb'Yibfhbonnbmfryd
gaqp'b'Xi-i-ih,'byibz.ddimij,bgadbvimxbcagvfgcijbollomigdnxpb'Dyogkh,'
hofjbF;b'Fbhyonnbkiilbzxbixihbaligp'b'U.dbw.fid-iy?'byib.mrijbogefa.hnxp
'Fdbqa.njbuiboqs.nbsambyfhbmil.dodfagbfsbogxuajxbyimi--'bFblmazfhijbo
cazlnidibjfhcmidfagbqfdybrmiodbrmovfdxpb'Fbyovibobcogaibogjbdymii
unockbsinnaqhbqofdfgrbgadbvimxbsompbFbozbasspbCa.njbxa.brfvibzibobsiq
Zomdfgf-Yigmxbcomdmfjrih?'bFbca.nj,bogjbjfj,bqfdyblmalimbhicmicxpbYi
yinlijbyfzhins,bqfdybobqfgkbodbzi,bdabobyogjs.nbasbzxbdauoccapb'Uidqiig
hofnamh--xa.bkgaq--raajbIgrnfhybdauoccap'bOdbdyibjaambasbdyiblfnad-ya.hi
yibd.mgijbma.gj--'Fbhox,byovig'dbxa.boblofmbasbhyaihbxa.bca.njbhlomi?'
Yibmofhijbagibnirpb'Naakp'bDyibhanihbqimibdfijbqfdybkgaddijbhdmfgrh
hogjonqfhib.gjimbyfhbuomibsiidpbFbmaadijba.dbogbanjblofm,bodbqyfcybyi
naakijbqfdybojzfmodfagbuisamibd.ckfgrbfdb.gjimbyfhbnisdbomzpbAgibasbyfh
lackidhb(umfrydbmij)bqohbu.nrfgrbqfdybcomdmfjrih,bsmazbdyibadyimb(jomk
un.i)bliilijb'Daqhag'hbFgw.fmx,'bidcp,bidcpbYibhiizijbdabdyfgkbyfzhins
iecinnigdnxbqinnbiw.fllijbsambobmigiqijbigca.gdimbqfdybdyibqfnjimgihhp
'Oy!bF'nnbgivim,bgivimbziidbh.cybobzogborofgpbXa.ba.rydbdabyovibyiomj
yfzbmicfdiblaidmx--yfhbaqg,bdaa,bfdbqoh,byibdanjbzipbLaidmx!'bYibmannij
yfhbixihbodbdyibmicannicdfagbasbdyihibjinfrydhpb'Ay,byibignomrijbzx
zfgj!'b'Raaj-uxi,'bhofjbFpbYibhyaakbyogjhbogjbvogfhyijbfgbdyibgfrydp
HazidfzihbFbohkbzxhinsbqyidyimbFbyojbivimbmionnxbhiigbyfz--qyidyimbfd
qohblahhfunibdabziidbh.cyboblyigazigag!ppp

“QyigbFbqakib.lbhyamdnxbosdimbzfjgfrydbyfhbqomgfgrbcozibdabzxbzfgjbqfdy
fdhbyfgdbasbjogrimbdyodbhiizij,bfgbdyibhdommijbjomkgihh,bmionbiga.rybda
zokibzibridb.lbsambdyibl.mlahibasbyovfgrbobnaakbma.gjpbAgbdyibyfnnbo
ufrbsfmibu.mgij,bfnn.zfgodfgrbsfds.nnxbobcmaakijbcamgimbasbdyi
hdodfag-ya.hipbAgibasbdyiborigdhbqfdyboblfckidbasbobsiqbasba.mbunockh,
omzijbsambdyibl.mlahi,bqohbkiilfgrbr.omjbavimbdyibfvamx;bu.dbjiilbqfdyfg
dyibsamihd,bmijbrniozhbdyodbqovimij,bdyodbhiizijbdabhfgkbogjbmfhibsmaz
dyibrma.gjbozagrhdbcags.hijbcan.zgombhyolihbasbfgdighibunockgihh,bhyaqij
dyibieocdblahfdfagbasbdyibcozlbqyimibZmpbK.mdt'hbojamimhbqimibkiilfgr
dyifmb.giohxbvfrfnpbDyibzagadaga.hbuiodfgrbasbobufrbjm.zbsfnnijbdyibofm
qfdybz.ssnijbhyackhbogjbobnfgrimfgrbvfumodfagpbObhdiojxbjmagfgrbha.gjbas
zogxbzigbcyogdfgrbiocybdabyfzhinsbhazibqifmjbfgcogdodfagbcoziba.dbsmaz
dyibunock,bsnodbqonnbasbdyibqaajhbohbdyiby.zzfgrbasbuiihbcazihba.dbas
obyfvi,bogjbyojbobhdmogribgomcadfcbissicdb.lagbzxbyons-oqokibhighihp
FbuinfivibFbjatijbassbniogfgrbavimbdyibmofn,bdfnnbogboum.ldbu.mhdbas
xinnh,bogbavimqyinzfgrba.dumiokbasbobligd-.lbogjbzxhdimfa.hbsmigtx,bqaki
zib.lbfgbobuiqfnjimijbqagjimpbFdbqohbc.dbhyamdbonnbodbagci,bogjbdyi
naqbjmagfgrbqigdbagbqfdybogbissicdbasbo.jfunibogjbhaadyfgrbhfnigcipbF
rnogcijbcoh.onnxbfgdabdyibnfddnibcoufgpbObnfrydbqohbu.mgfgrbqfdyfg,bu.d
ZmpbK.mdtbqohbgadbdyimip

“FbdyfgkbFbqa.njbyovibmofhijbogba.dcmxbfsbFbyojbuinfivijbzxbixihpbU.dbF
jfjg'dbuinfivibdyizbodbsfmhd--dyibdyfgrbhiizijbhabfzlahhfunipbDyibsocd
fhbFbqohbcazlnidinxb.ggimvijbuxbobhyiimbunogkbsmfryd,bl.mibouhdmocd
dimmam,b.gcaggicdijbqfdybogxbjfhdfgcdbhyolibasblyxhfconbjogrimpbQyod
zojibdyfhbizadfagbhabavimlaqimfgrbqoh--yaqbhyonnbFbjisfgibfd?--dyi
zamonbhyackbFbmicifvij,bohbfsbhazidyfgrbondaridyimbzaghdma.h,
fgdanimounibdabdya.rydbogjbajfa.hbdabdyibha.n,byojbuiigbdym.hdb.lagbzi
.gielicdijnxpbDyfhbnohdijbasbca.mhibdyibzimihdbsmocdfagbasbobhicagj,bogj
dyigbdyib.h.onbhighibasbcazzaglnoci,bjiojnxbjogrim,bdyiblahhfufnfdxbas
obh.jjigbaghno.rydbogjbzohhocmi,bambhazidyfgrbasbdyibkfgj,bqyfcybFbhoq
fzligjfgr,bqohblahfdfvinxbqincazibogjbcazlahfgrpbFdblocfsfijbzi,bfg
socd,bhabz.cybdyodbFbjfjbgadbmofhibogbonomzp

“Dyimibqohbogborigdbu.ddagijb.lbfghfjibogb.nhdimbogjbhniilfgrbagbobcyofm
agbjickbqfdyfgbdymiibsiidbasbzipbDyibxinnhbyojbgadboqokigijbyfz;byi
hgamijbvimxbhnfrydnx;bFbnisdbyfzbdabyfhbhn.zuimhbogjbniolijbohyamip
FbjfjbgadbuidmoxbZmpbK.mdt--fdbqohbamjimijbFbhya.njbgivimbuidmoxbyfz--fd
qohbqmfddigbFbhya.njbuibnaxonbdabdyibgfrydzomibasbzxbcyafcipbFbqoh
ogefa.hbdabjionbqfdybdyfhbhyojaqbuxbzxhinsbonagi--ogjbdabdyfhbjoxbF
jag'dbkgaqbqyxbFbqohbhab iona.hbasbhyomfgrbqfdybogxbagibdyiblic.nfom
unockgihhbasbdyodbielimfigcip

“OhbhaagbohbFbradbagbdyibuogkbFbhoqbobdmofn--obumaojbdmofnbdyma.rybdyi
rmohhpbFbmizizuimbdyibie.ndodfagbqfdybqyfcybFbhofjbdabzxhins,b'Yibcog'd
qonk--yibfhbcmoqnfgrbagbonn-sa.mh--F'vibradbyfzp'bDyibrmohhbqohbqid
qfdybjiqpbFbhdmajibmolfjnxbqfdybcnigcyijbsfhdhpbFbsogcxbFbyojbhazibvor.i
gadfagbasbsonnfgrb.lagbyfzbogjbrfvfgrbyfzbobjm.uufgrpbFbjag'dbkgaqpbF
yojbhazibfzuicfnibdya.rydhpbDyibkgfddfgrbanjbqazogbqfdybdyibcodbaudm.jij
yimhinsb.lagbzxbzizamxbohbobzahdbfzlmalimblimhagbdabuibhfddfgrbodbdyi
adyimbigjbasbh.cybogbossofmpbFbhoqbobmaqbasblfnrmfzhbhw.fmdfgrbniojbfg
dyibofmba.dbasbQfgcyihdimhbyinjbdabdyibyflpbFbdya.rydbFbqa.njbgivimbrid
uockbdabdyibhdiozim,bogjbfzorfgijbzxhinsbnfvfgrbonagibogjb.gomzijbfgbdyi
qaajhbdabogbojvogcijboripbH.cybhfnnxbdyfgrh--xa.bkgaqpbOgjbFbmizizuim
Fbcagsa.gjijbdyibuiodbasbdyibjm.zbqfdybdyibuiodfgrbasbzxbyiomd,bogjbqoh
lniohijbodbfdhbconzbmir.nomfdxp

“Fbkildbdabdyibdmockbdya.ry--dyigbhdallijbdabnfhdigpbDyibgfrydbqohbvimx
cniom;bobjomkbun.ibhloci,bhlomknfgrbqfdybjiqbogjbhdomnfryd,bfgbqyfcy
unockbdyfgrhbhdaajbvimxbhdfnnpbFbdya.rydbFbca.njbhiibobkfgjbasbzadfag
oyiojbasbzipbFbqohbhdmogrinxbcackh.mibasbivimxdyfgrbdyodbgfrydpbF
ocd.onnxbnisdbdyibdmockbogjbmogbfgbobqfjibhizfcfmcnib(Fbvimfnxbuinfivi
cy.cknfgrbdabzxhins)bhabohbdabridbfgbsmagdbasbdyodbhdfm,basbdyodbzadfag
Fbyojbhiig--fsbfgjiijbFbyojbhiigbogxdyfgrpbFbqohbcfmc.zvigdfgrbK.mdtboh
dya.rybfdbyojbuiigbobuaxfhybrozip

“Fbcozib.lagbyfz,bogj,bfsbyibyojbgadbyiomjbzibcazfgr,bFbqa.njbyovi
sonnigbavimbyfz,bdaa,bu.dbyibradb.lbfgbdfzipbYibmahi,b.ghdiojx,bnagr,
loni,bfgjfhdfgcd,bnfkibobvola.mbieyonijbuxbdyibiomdy,bogjbhqoxij
hnfrydnx,bzfhdxbogjbhfnigdbuisamibzi;bqyfnibodbzxbuockbdyibsfmihbnaazij
uidqiigbdyibdmiih,bogjbdyibz.mz.mbasbzogxbvafcihbfhh.ijbsmazbdyibsamihdp
Fbyojbc.dbyfzbassbcnivimnx;bu.dbqyigbocd.onnxbcagsmagdfgrbyfzbFbhiizij
dabcazibdabzxbhighih,bFbhoqbdyibjogrimbfgbfdhbmfrydblmalamdfagpbFdbqoh
uxbgabzioghbavimbxidpbH.llahibyibuirogbdabhya.d?bDya.rybyibca.njbyomjnx
hdogj,bdyimibqohbhdfnnblnigdxbasbvfra.mbfgbyfhbvafcipb'Raboqox--yfji
xa.mhins,'byibhofj,bfgbdyodblmasa.gjbdagipbFdbqohbvimxboqs.npbFbrnogcij
uockpbQibqimibqfdyfgbdyfmdxbxomjhbsmazbdyibgiomihdbsfmipbObunockbsfr.mi
hdaajb.l,bhdmajibagbnagrbunockbnirh,bqovfgrbnagrbunockbomzh,bocmahhbdyi
rnaqpbFdbyojbyamgh--ogdinalibyamgh,bFbdyfgk--agbfdhbyiojpbHazibhamcimim,
hazibqfdcy-zog,bgabja.ud:bfdbnaakijbsfigjnfkibiga.rypb'Jabxa.bkgaqbqyod
xa.bomibjafgr?'bFbqyfhlimijpb'Limsicdnx,'byiboghqimij,bmofhfgrbyfhbvafci
sambdyodbhfgrnibqamj:bfdbha.gjijbdabzibsombassbogjbxidbna.j,bnfkibobyofn
dyma.rybobhliokfgr-dm.zlidpb'Fsbyibzokihbobmaqbqibomibnahd,'bFbdya.ryd
dabzxhinspbDyfhbcniomnxbqohbgadbobcohibsambsfhdfc.ssh,bivigbolomdbsmaz
dyibvimxbgod.monbovimhfagbFbyojbdabuiodbdyodbHyojaq--dyfhbqogjimfgrbogj
damzigdijbdyfgrpb'Xa.bqfnnbuibnahd,'bFbhofj--'.ddimnxbnahdp'bAgibridh
hazidfzihbh.cybobsnohybasbfghlfmodfag,bxa.bkgaqpbFbjfjbhoxbdyibmfryd
dyfgr,bdya.rybfgjiijbyibca.njbgadbyovibuiigbzamibfmmidmfivounxbnahdbdyog
yibqohbodbdyfhbvimxbzazigd,bqyigbdyibsa.gjodfaghbasba.mbfgdfzocxbqimi
uifgrbnofj--dabigj.mi--dabigj.mi--ivigbdabdyibigj--ivigbuixagjp

“'Fbyojbfzzighiblnogh,'byibz.ddimijbfmmihan.dinxpb'Xih,'bhofjbF;b'u.dbfs
xa.bdmxbdabhya.dbF'nnbhzohybxa.mbyiojbqfdy--'bDyimibqohbgadbobhdfckbam
obhdagibgiompb'Fbqfnnbdymaddnibxa.bsambraaj,'bFbcammicdijbzxhinspb'Fbqoh
agbdyibdymihyanjbasbrmiodbdyfgrh,'byiblniojij,bfgbobvafcibasbnagrfgr,
qfdybobqfhds.ngihhbasbdagibdyodbzojibzxbunaajbm.gbcanjpb'Ogjbgaqbsam
dyfhbhd.lfjbhca.gjmin--'b'Xa.mbh.ccihhbfgbI.malibfhbohh.mijbfgbogx
cohi,'bFbossfmzijbhdiojfnxpbFbjfjbgadbqogdbdabyovibdyibdymaddnfgrbas
yfz,bxa.b.gjimhdogj--ogjbfgjiijbfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbvimxbnfddnib.hibsam
ogxblmocdfconbl.mlahipbFbdmfijbdabumiokbdyibhlinn--dyibyiovx,bz.dibhlinn
asbdyibqfnjimgihh--dyodbhiizijbdabjmoqbyfzbdabfdhblfdfnihhbumiohd
uxbdyiboqokigfgrbasbsamraddigbogjbum.donbfghdfgcdh,buxbdyibzizamxbas
rmodfsfijbogjbzaghdma.hblohhfaghpbDyfhbonagi,bFbqohbcagvfgcij,byoj
jmfvigbyfzba.dbdabdyibijribasbdyibsamihd,bdabdyibu.hy,bdaqomjhbdyibrnioz
asbsfmih,bdyibdymaubasbjm.zh,bdyibjmagibasbqifmjbfgcogdodfagh;bdyfh
onagibyojbuir.fnijbyfhb.gnoqs.nbha.nbuixagjbdyibua.gjhbasblimzfddij
ohlfmodfaghpbOgj,bjag'dbxa.bhii,bdyibdimmambasbdyiblahfdfagbqohbgadbfg
uifgrbkgackijbagbdyibyioj--dya.rybFbyojbobvimxbnfvinxbhighibasbdyod
jogrim,bdaa--u.dbfgbdyfh,bdyodbFbyojbdabjionbqfdybobuifgrbdabqyazbF
ca.njbgadbollionbfgbdyibgozibasbogxdyfgrbyfrybambnaqpbFbyoj,bivigbnfki
dyibgfrrimh,bdabfgvakibyfz--yfzhins--yfhbaqgbieondijbogjbfgcmijfuni
jirmojodfagpbDyimibqohbgadyfgrbifdyimbouavibambuinaqbyfz,bogjbFbkgiq
fdpbYibyojbkfckijbyfzhinsbnaahibasbdyibiomdypbCagsa.gjbdyibzog!byibyoj
kfckijbdyibvimxbiomdybdablficihpbYibqohbonagi,bogjbFbuisamibyfzbjfj
gadbkgaqbqyidyimbFbhdaajbagbdyibrma.gjbambsnaodijbfgbdyibofmpbF'vibuiig
dinnfgrbxa.bqyodbqibhofj--miliodfgrbdyiblymohihbqiblmaga.gcij--u.d
qyod'hbdyibraaj?bDyixbqimibcazzagbivimxjoxbqamjh--dyibsozfnfom,bvor.i
ha.gjhbiecyogrijbagbivimxbqokfgrbjoxbasbnfsipbU.dbqyodbasbdyod?bDyixbyoj
uiyfgjbdyiz,bdabzxbzfgj,bdyibdimmfsfcbh.rrihdfvigihhbasbqamjhbyiomjbfg
jmiozh,basblymohihbhlakigbfgbgfrydzomihpbHa.n!bFsbogxuajxbivimbhdm.rrnij
qfdybobha.n,bFbozbdyibzogpbOgjbFbqohg'dbomr.fgrbqfdybobn.godfcbifdyimp
Uinfivibzibambgad,byfhbfgdinnfrigcibqohblimsicdnxbcniom--cagcigdmodij,
fdbfhbdm.i,b.lagbyfzhinsbqfdybyammfunibfgdighfdx,bxidbcniom;bogjbdyimifg
qohbzxbagnxbcyogci--uommfgr,basbca.mhi,bdyibkfnnfgrbyfzbdyimibogjbdyig,
qyfcybqohg'dbhabraaj,bagbocca.gdbasb.govafjounibgafhipbU.dbyfhbha.nbqoh
zojpbUifgrbonagibfgbdyibqfnjimgihh,bfdbyojbnaakijbqfdyfgbfdhins,bogj,bux
yiovigh!bFbdinnbxa.,bfdbyojbragibzojpbFbyoj--sambzxbhfgh,bFbh.llahi--da
rabdyma.rybdyibamjionbasbnaakfgrbfgdabfdbzxhinspbGabinaw.igcibca.nj
yovibuiigbhabqfdyimfgrbdabagi'hbuinfisbfgbzogkfgjbohbyfhbsfgonbu.mhdbas
hfgcimfdxpbYibhdm.rrnijbqfdybyfzhins,bdaapbFbhoqbfd--FbyiomjbfdpbFbhoq
dyibfgcagcifvounibzxhdimxbasbobha.nbdyodbkgiqbgabmihdmofgd,bgabsofdy,
ogjbgabsiom,bxidbhdm.rrnfgrbunfgjnxbqfdybfdhinspbFbkildbzxbyiojblmiddx
qinn;bu.dbqyigbFbyojbyfzbodbnohdbhdmidcyijbagbdyibca.cy,bFbqflijbzx
samiyioj,bqyfnibzxbnirhbhyaakb.gjimbzibohbdya.rybFbyojbcommfijbyonsbo
dagbagbzxbuockbjaqgbdyodbyfnnpbOgjbxidbFbyojbagnxbh.llamdijbyfz,byfh
uagxbomzbcnohlijbma.gjbzxbgick--ogjbyibqohbgadbz.cybyiovfimbdyogbo
cyfnjp

“Qyigbgiedbjoxbqibnisdbodbgaag,bdyibcmaqj,basbqyahiblmihigcibuiyfgjbdyi
c.mdofgbasbdmiihbFbyojbuiigboc.dinxbcaghcfa.hbonnbdyibdfzi,bsnaqijba.d
asbdyibqaajhborofg,bsfnnijbdyibcniomfgr,bcavimijbdyibhnalibqfdybobzohh
asbgokij,bumiodyfgr,bw.fvimfgr,bumagtibuajfihpbFbhdiozijb.lbobufd,bdyig
hq.grbjaqgbhdmioz,bogjbdqabdya.hogjbixihbsannaqijbdyibivan.dfaghbas
dyibhlnohyfgr,bdy.zlfgr,bsfimcibmfvim-jizagbuiodfgrbdyibqodimbqfdybfdh
dimmfunibdofnbogjbumiodyfgrbunockbhzakibfgdabdyibofmpbFgbsmagdbasbdyi
sfmhdbmogk,bonagrbdyibmfvim,bdymiibzig,blnohdimijbqfdybumfrydbmijbiomdy
smazbyiojbdabsaad,bhdm.ddijbdabogjbsmabmihdnihhnxpbQyigbqibcoziboumiohd
orofg,bdyixbsocijbdyibmfvim,bhdozlijbdyifmbsiid,bgajjijbdyifmbyamgij
yiojh,bhqoxijbdyifmbhcomnidbuajfih;bdyixbhyaakbdaqomjhbdyibsfimci
mfvim-jizagbobu.gcybasbunockbsiodyimh,bobzogrxbhkfgbqfdybobligjigd
dofn--hazidyfgrbdyodbnaakijbobjmfijbra.mj;bdyixbhya.dijblimfajfconnx
daridyimbhdmfgrhbasbozotfgrbqamjhbdyodbmihizunijbgabha.gjhbasby.zog
nogr.ori;bogjbdyibjiilbz.mz.mhbasbdyibcmaqj,bfgdimm.ldijbh.jjignx,bqimi
nfkibdyibmihlaghihbasbhazibhodogfcbnfdogxp

“QibyojbcommfijbK.mdtbfgdabdyiblfnad-ya.hi:bdyimibqohbzamibofmbdyimip
Nxfgrbagbdyibca.cy,byibhdomijbdyma.rybdyibaligbhy.ddimpbDyimibqohbog
ijjxbfgbdyibzohhbasby.zogbuajfih,bogjbdyibqazogbqfdybyinzidijbyiojbogj
doqgxbcyiikhbm.hyijba.dbdabdyibvimxbumfgkbasbdyibhdmiozpbHyibl.dba.dbyim
yogjh,bhya.dijbhazidyfgr,bogjbonnbdyodbqfnjbzaubdaakb.lbdyibhya.dbfgbo
maomfgrbcyam.hbasbomdfc.nodij,bmolfj,bumiodynihhb.ddimogcip

“'Jabxa.b.gjimhdogjbdyfh?'bFbohkijp

“Yibkildbagbnaakfgrba.dblohdbzibqfdybsfimx,bnagrfgrbixih,bqfdybobzfgrnij
ielmihhfagbasbqfhds.ngihhbogjbyodipbYibzojibgaboghqim,bu.dbFbhoqbo
hzfni,bobhzfnibasbfgjisfgounibziogfgr,bolliombagbyfhbcana.mnihhbnflh
dyodbobzazigdbosdimbdqfdcyijbcagv.nhfvinxpb'JabFbgad?'byibhofjbhnaqnx,
rohlfgr,bohbfsbdyibqamjhbyojbuiigbdamgba.dbasbyfzbuxbobh.limgod.mon
laqimp

“Fbl.nnijbdyibhdmfgrbasbdyibqyfhdni,bogjbFbjfjbdyfhbuico.hibFbhoqbdyi
lfnrmfzhbagbjickbriddfgrba.dbdyifmbmfsnihbqfdybogbofmbasbogdfcflodfgrbo
 annxbnomkpbOdbdyibh.jjigbhcmiicybdyimibqohbobzavizigdbasbou icdbdimmam
dyma.rybdyodbqijrijbzohhbasbuajfihpb'Jag'd!bjag'dbxa.bsmfrydigbdyiz
oqox,'bcmfijbhazibagibagbjickbjfhcaghanodinxpbFbl.nnijbdyibhdmfgr
dfzibosdimbdfzipbDyixbumakibogjbmog,bdyixbniolij,bdyixbcma.cyij,bdyix
hqimvij,bdyixbjajrijbdyibsnxfgrbdimmambasbdyibha.gjpbDyibdymiibmijbcyolh
yojbsonnigbsnod,bsocibjaqgbagbdyibhyami,bohbdya.rybdyixbyojbuiigbhyad
jiojpbAgnxbdyibuomuoma.hbogjbh.limubqazogbjfjbgadbhabz.cybohbsnfgcy,
ogjbhdmidcyijbdmorfconnxbyimbuomibomzhbosdimb.hbavimbdyibhazumibogj
rnfddimfgrbmfvimp

“Ogjbdyigbdyodbfzuicfnibcmaqjbjaqgbagbdyibjickbhdomdijbdyifmbnfddnibs.g,
ogjbFbca.njbhiibgadyfgrbzamibsambhzakip

“Dyibumaqgbc.mmigdbmogbhqfsdnxba.dbasbdyibyiomdbasbjomkgihh,buiomfgrb.h
jaqgbdaqomjhbdyibhiobqfdybdqfcibdyibhliijbasba.mb.lqomjblmarmihh;bogj
K.mdt'hbnfsibqohbm.ggfgrbhqfsdnx,bdaa,biuufgr,biuufgrba.dbasbyfhbyiomd
fgdabdyibhiobasbfgieamounibdfzipbDyibzogorimbqohbvimxblnocfj,byibyoj
gabvfdonbogefidfihbgaq,byibdaakb.hbuadybfgbqfdybobcazlmiyighfvibogj
hodfhsfijbrnogci:bdyib'ossofm'byojbcazibassbohbqinnbohbca.njbuibqfhyijp
FbhoqbdyibdfzibollmaocyfgrbqyigbFbqa.njbuibnisdbonagibasbdyiblomdxbas
'.gha.gjbzidyajp'bDyiblfnrmfzhbnaakijb.lagbzibqfdybjfhsova.mpbFbqoh,
habdabhliok,bg.zuimijbqfdybdyibjiojpbFdbfhbhdmogribyaqbFboccildijbdyfh
.gsamihiigblomdgimhyfl,bdyfhbcyafcibasbgfrydzomihbsamcijb.lagbzibfgbdyi
digiuma.hbnogjbfgvojijbuxbdyihibziogbogjbrmiijxblyogdazhp

“K.mdtbjfhca.mhijpbObvafci!bobvafci!bFdbmogrbjiilbdabdyibvimxbnohdpbFd
h.mvfvijbyfhbhdmigrdybdabyfjibfgbdyibzorgfsfcigdbsanjhbasbinaw.igcibdyi
uommigbjomkgihhbasbyfhbyiomdpbAy,byibhdm.rrnij!byibhdm.rrnij!bDyibqohdih
asbyfhbqiomxbumofgbqimibyo.gdijbuxbhyojaqxbfzorihbgaq--fzorihbasbqiondy
ogjbsozibmivanvfgrbauhiw.fa.hnxbma.gjbyfhb.giedfgr.fhyounibrfsdbasbgauni
ogjbnasdxbielmihhfagpbZxbFgdigjij,bzxbhdodfag,bzxbcomiim,bzx
fjioh--dyihibqimibdyibh.u icdhbsambdyibaccohfagonb.ddimogcihbasbinivodij
higdfzigdhpbDyibhyojibasbdyibamfrfgonbK.mdtbsmiw.igdijbdyibuijhfjibas
dyibyannaqbhyoz,bqyahibsodibfdbqohbdabuibu.mfijblmihigdnxbfgbdyibza.nj
asblmfzivonbiomdypbU.dbuadybdyibjfouanfcbnavibogjbdyib.giomdynxbyodibas
dyibzxhdimfihbfdbyojbligidmodijbsa.rydbsambdyiblahhihhfagbasbdyod
ha.nbhodfodijbqfdyblmfzfdfvibizadfagh,bovfjbasbnxfgrbsozi,basbhyoz
jfhdfgcdfag,basbonnbdyibolliomogcihbasbh.ccihhbogjblaqimp

“HazidfzihbyibqohbcagdizldfunxbcyfnjfhypbYibjihfmijbdabyovibkfgrhbziid
yfzbodbmofnqox-hdodfaghbagbyfhbmid.mgbsmazbhazibryohdnxbGaqyimi,bqyimi
yibfgdigjijbdaboccazlnfhybrmiodbdyfgrhpb'Xa.bhyaqbdyizbxa.byovibfgbxa.
hazidyfgrbdyodbfhbmionnxblmasfdouni,bogjbdyigbdyimibqfnnbuibgabnfzfdhbda
dyibmicargfdfagbasbxa.mboufnfdx,'byibqa.njbhoxpb'Asbca.mhibxa.bz.hdbdoki
comibasbdyibzadfvih--mfrydbzadfvih--onqoxhp'bDyibnagrbmiocyihbdyodbqimi
nfkibagibogjbdyibhozibmiocy,bzagadaga.hbuigjhbdyodbqimibieocdnxbonfki,
hnfllijblohdbdyibhdiozimbqfdybdyifmbz.ndfd.jibasbhic.nombdmiihbnaakfgr
lodfigdnxbosdimbdyfhbrmfzxbsmorzigdbasbogadyimbqamnj,bdyibsamim.ggim
asbcyogri,basbcagw.ihd,basbdmoji,basbzohhocmih,basbunihhfgrhpbFbnaakij
oyioj--lfnadfgrpb'Cnahibdyibhy.ddim,'bhofjbK.mdtbh.jjignxbagibjox;b'F
cog'dbuiombdabnaakbodbdyfhp'bFbjfjbhapbDyimibqohbobhfnigcipb'Ay,bu.dbF
qfnnbqmfgrbxa.mbyiomdbxid!'byibcmfijbodbdyibfgvfhfunibqfnjimgihhp

“Qibumakibjaqg--ohbFbyojbielicdij--ogjbyojbdabnfib.lbsambmilofmhbodbdyi
yiojbasbogbfhnogjpbDyfhbjinoxbqohbdyibsfmhdbdyfgrbdyodbhyaakbK.mdt'h
cagsfjigcipbAgibzamgfgrbyibrovibziboblockidbasblolimhbogjbo
lyadarmoly--dyibnadbdfijbdaridyimbqfdybobhyai-hdmfgrpb'Kiilbdyfhbsam
zi,'byibhofjpb'Dyfhbgaefa.hbsaan'b(ziogfgrbdyibzogorim)b'fhbcolounibas
lmxfgrbfgdabzxbuaeihbqyigbFbozbgadbnaakfgrp'bFgbdyibosdimgaagbFbhoqbyfzp
Yibqohbnxfgrbagbyfhbuockbqfdybcnahijbixih,bogjbFbqfdyjmiqbw.fidnx,bu.dbF
yiomjbyfzbz.ddim,b'Nfvibmfrydnx,bjfi,bjfippp'bFbnfhdigijpbDyimibqoh
gadyfgrbzamipbQohbyibmiyiomhfgrbhazibhliicybfgbyfhbhniil,bambqohbfdbo
smorzigdbasboblymohibsmazbhazibgiqhlolimbomdfcni?bYibyojbuiigbqmfdfgr
sambdyiblolimhbogjbziogdbdabjabhaborofg,b'sambdyibs.mdyimfgrbasbzx
fjiohpbFd'hbobj.dxp'

“YfhbqohbogbfzligidmounibjomkgihhpbFbnaakijbodbyfzbohbxa.bliimbjaqgbod
obzogbqyabfhbnxfgrbodbdyibuaddazbasboblmicflfcibqyimibdyibh.gbgivim
hyfgihpbU.dbFbyojbgadbz.cybdfzibdabrfvibyfz,buico.hibFbqohbyinlfgrbdyi
igrfgi-jmfvimbdabdokibdablficihbdyibniokxbcxnfgjimh,bdabhdmofrydigbo
uigdbcaggicdfgr-maj,bogjbfgbadyimbh.cybzoddimhpbFbnfvijbfgbog
fgsimgonbzihhbasbm.hd,bsfnfgrh,bg.dh,buandh,bhloggimh,byozzimh,
modcyid-jmfnnh--dyfgrhbFbouazfgodi,buico.hibFbjag'dbridbagbqfdybdyizpbF
digjijbdyibnfddnibsamribqibsamd.godinxbyojbouaomj;bFbdafnijbqiomfnxbfgbo
qmidcyijbhcmol-yiol--.gnihhbFbyojbdyibhyokihbdaabuojbdabhdogjp

“AgibivigfgrbcazfgrbfgbqfdybobcogjnibFbqohbhdomdnijbdabyiombyfzbhoxbo
nfddnibdmiz.na.hnx,b'Fbozbnxfgrbyimibfgbdyibjomkbqofdfgrbsambjiodyp'
DyibnfrydbqohbqfdyfgbobsaadbasbyfhbixihpbFbsamcijbzxhinsbdabz.mz.m,b'Ay,
gaghighi!'bogjbhdaajbavimbyfzbohbfsbdmoghsfeijp

“Ogxdyfgrbollmaocyfgrbdyibcyogribdyodbcozibavimbyfhbsiod.mihbFbyovi
givimbhiigbuisami,bogjbyalibgivimbdabhiiborofgpbAy,bFbqohg'dbda.cyijp
FbqohbsohcfgodijpbFdbqohbohbdya.rybobvifnbyojbuiigbmigdpbFbhoqbagbdyod
fvamxbsocibdyibielmihhfagbasbhazumiblmfji,basbm.dynihhblaqim,basbcmovig
dimmam--asbogbfgdighibogjbyalinihhbjihlofmpbJfjbyibnfvibyfhbnfsiborofg
fgbivimxbjidofnbasbjihfmi,bdizldodfag,bogjbh.mmigjimbj.mfgrbdyodbh.lmizi
zazigdbasbcazlnidibkgaqnijri?bYibcmfijbfgbobqyfhlimbodbhazibfzori,bod
hazibvfhfag--yibcmfijba.dbdqfci,bobcmxbdyodbqohbgabzamibdyogbobumiody:

“'Dyibyammam!bDyibyammam!'

“Fbuniqbdyibcogjniba.dbogjbnisdbdyibcoufgpbDyiblfnrmfzhbqimibjfgfgrbfg
dyibzihh-maaz,bogjbFbdaakbzxblnociballahfdibdyibzogorim,bqyabnfsdijbyfh
ixihbdabrfvibzibobw.ihdfagfgrbrnogci,bqyfcybFbh.ccihhs.nnxbfrgamijp
Yibniogijbuock,bhimigi,bqfdybdyodblic.nfombhzfnibasbyfhbhionfgrbdyi
.gielmihhijbjildyhbasbyfhbzioggihhpbObcagdfg.a.hbhyaqimbasbhzonnbsnfih
hdmiozijb.lagbdyibnozl,b.lagbdyibcnady,b.lagba.mbyogjhbogjbsocihp
H.jjignxbdyibzogorim'hbuaxbl.dbyfhbfghanigdbunockbyiojbfgbdyibjaamqox,
ogjbhofjbfgbobdagibasbhcodyfgrbcagdizld:

“'ZfhdoybK.mdt--yibjiojp'

“Onnbdyiblfnrmfzhbm.hyijba.dbdabhiipbFbmizofgij,bogjbqigdbagbqfdybzx
jfggimpbFbuinfivibFbqohbcaghfjimijbum.donnxbconna.hpbYaqivim,bFbjfjbgad
iodbz.cypbDyimibqohbobnozlbfgbdyimi--nfryd,bjag'dbxa.bkgaq--ogjba.dhfji
fdbqohbhabuiohdnx,buiohdnxbjomkpbFbqigdbgabzamibgiombdyibmizomkounibzog
qyabyojblmaga.gcijbob .jrzigdb.lagbdyibojvigd.mihbasbyfhbha.nbagbdyfh
iomdypbDyibvafcibqohbragipbQyodbinhibyojbuiigbdyimi?bU.dbFbozbasbca.mhi
oqomibdyodbgiedbjoxbdyiblfnrmfzhbu.mfijbhazidyfgrbfgbobz.jjxbyanip

“Ogjbdyigbdyixbvimxbgiomnxbu.mfijbzip

“Yaqivim,bohbxa.bhii,bFbjfjbgadbrabdab afgbK.mdtbdyimibogjbdyigpbFbjfj
gadpbFbmizofgijbdabjmiozbdyibgfrydzomiba.dbdabdyibigj,bogjbdabhyaqbzx
naxondxbdabK.mdtbagcibzamipbJihdfgxpbZxbjihdfgx!bJmannbdyfgrbnfsi
fh--dyodbzxhdimfa.hbommogrizigdbasbzimcfnihhbnarfcbsambobs.dfnibl.mlahip
Dyibzahdbxa.bcogbyalibsmazbfdbfhbhazibkgaqnijribasbxa.mhins--dyodbcazih
daabnodi--obcmalbasb.giedfgr.fhyounibmirmidhpbFbyovibqmihdnijbqfdy
jiodypbFdbfhbdyibzahdb.giecfdfgrbcagdihdbxa.bcogbfzorfgipbFdbdokihblnoci
fgbogbfzlonlounibrmixgihh,bqfdybgadyfgrb.gjimsaad,bqfdybgadyfgrboma.gj,
qfdya.dbhlicdodamh,bqfdya.dbcnoza.m,bqfdya.dbrnamx,bqfdya.dbdyibrmiod
jihfmibasbvfcdamx,bqfdya.dbdyibrmiodbsiombasbjisiod,bfgbobhfcknx
odzahlyimibasbdilfjbhcildfcfhz,bqfdya.dbz.cybuinfisbfgbxa.mbaqgbmfryd,
ogjbhdfnnbnihhbfgbdyodbasbxa.mbojvimhomxpbFsbh.cybfhbdyibsamzbas
.ndfzodibqfhjaz,bdyigbnfsibfhbobrmiodimbmfjjnibdyogbhazibasb.hbdyfgkbfd
dabuipbFbqohbqfdyfgbobyofm'hbumiojdybasbdyibnohdballamd.gfdxbsam
lmaga.gcizigd,bogjbFbsa.gjbqfdyby.zfnfodfagbdyodblmauounxbFbqa.njbyovi
gadyfgrbdabhoxpbDyfhbfhbdyibmiohagbqyxbFbossfmzbdyodbK.mdtbqohbo
mizomkounibzogpbYibyojbhazidyfgrbdabhoxpbYibhofjbfdpbHfgcibFbyojbliilij
avimbdyibijribzxhins,bFb.gjimhdogjbuiddimbdyibziogfgrbasbyfhbhdomi,bdyod
ca.njbgadbhiibdyibsnozibasbdyibcogjni,bu.dbqohbqfjibiga.rybdabizumoci
dyibqyanib.gfvimhi,blfimcfgrbiga.rybdabligidmodibonnbdyibyiomdhbdyod
uiodbfgbdyibjomkgihhpbYibyojbh.zzijb.l--yibyojb .jrijpb'Dyibyammam!'bYi
qohbobmizomkounibzogpbOsdimbonn,bdyfhbqohbdyibielmihhfagbasbhazibhamdbas
uinfis;bfdbyojbcogja.m,bfdbyojbcagvfcdfag,bfdbyojbobvfumodfgrbgadibas
mivandbfgbfdhbqyfhlim,bfdbyojbdyibollonnfgrbsocibasbobrnfzlhij
dm.dy--dyibhdmogribcazzfgrnfgrbasbjihfmibogjbyodipbOgjbfdbfhbgadbzxbaqg
iedmizfdxbFbmizizuimbuihd--obvfhfagbasbrmixgihhbqfdya.dbsamzbsfnnij
qfdyblyxhfconblofg,bogjbobcominihhbcagdizldbsambdyibivogihcigcibasbonn
dyfgrh--ivigbasbdyfhblofgbfdhinspbGa!bFdbfhbyfhbiedmizfdxbdyodbFbhiizbda
yovibnfvijbdyma.rypbDm.i,byibyojbzojibdyodbnohdbhdmfji,byibyojbhdillij
avimbdyibijri,bqyfnibFbyojbuiigblimzfddijbdabjmoqbuockbzxbyihfdodfgr
saadpbOgjblimyolhbfgbdyfhbfhbdyibqyanibjfssimigci;blimyolhbonnbdyi
qfhjaz,bogjbonnbdm.dy,bogjbonnbhfgcimfdx,bomib .hdbcazlmihhijbfgdabdyod
fgollmicfounibzazigdbasbdfzibfgbqyfcybqibhdilbavimbdyibdymihyanjbasbdyi
fgvfhfunipbLimyolh!bFbnfkibdabdyfgkbzxbh.zzfgr-.lbqa.njbgadbyovibuiigbo
qamjbasbcominihhbcagdizldpbUiddimbyfhbcmx--z.cybuiddimpbFdbqohbog
ossfmzodfag,bobzamonbvfcdamxblofjbsambuxbfgg.zimounibjisiodh,bux
ouazfgounibdimmamh,buxbouazfgounibhodfhsocdfaghpbU.dbfdbqohbobvfcdamx!
DyodbfhbqyxbFbyovibmizofgijbnaxonbdabK.mdtbdabdyibnohd,bogjbivigbuixagj,
qyigbobnagrbdfzibosdimbFbyiomjbagcibzami,bgadbyfhbaqgbvafci,bu.dbdyi
icyabasbyfhbzorgfsfcigdbinaw.igcibdymaqgbdabzibsmazbobha.nboh
dmoghn.cigdnxbl.mibohbobcnfssbasbcmxhdonp

“Ga,bdyixbjfjbgadbu.mxbzi,bdya.rybdyimibfhboblimfajbasbdfzibqyfcybF
mizizuimbzfhdfnx,bqfdybobhy.jjimfgrbqagjim,bnfkiboblohhoribdyma.rybhazi
fgcagcifvounibqamnjbdyodbyojbgabyalibfgbfdbogjbgabjihfmipbFbsa.gjbzxhins
uockbfgbdyibhil.ncymonbcfdxbmihigdfgrbdyibhfrydbasblialniby.mmxfgr
dyma.rybdyibhdmiidhbdabsfncybobnfddnibzagixbsmazbiocybadyim,bdabjiva.m
dyifmbfgsoza.hbcaakimx,bdabr.nlbdyifmb.gqyanihazibuiim,bdabjmiozbdyifm
fghfrgfsfcogdbogjbhfnnxbjmiozhpbDyixbdmihlohhijb.lagbzxbdya.rydhpbDyix
qimibfgdm.jimhbqyahibkgaqnijribasbnfsibqohbdabzibogbfmmfdodfgrblmidigci,
uico.hibFbsindbhabh.mibdyixbca.njbgadblahhfunxbkgaqbdyibdyfgrhbFbkgiqp
Dyifmbuiomfgr,bqyfcybqohbhfzlnxbdyibuiomfgrbasbcazzaglnocibfgjfvfj.onh
rafgrboua.dbdyifmbu.hfgihhbfgbdyibohh.mogcibasblimsicdbhosidx,bqoh
assighfvibdabzibnfkibdyiba.dmoria.hbsno.gdfgrhbasbsannxbfgbdyibsocibas
objogrimbfdbfhb.gounibdabcazlmiyigjpbFbyojbgablomdfc.nombjihfmibda
ignfrydigbdyiz,bu.dbFbyojbhazibjfssfc.ndxbfgbmihdmofgfgrbzxhinsbsmaz
no.ryfgrbfgbdyifmbsocihbhabs.nnbasbhd.lfjbfzlamdogcipbFbjomihoxbFbqoh
gadbvimxbqinnbodbdyodbdfzipbFbdaddimijboua.dbdyibhdmiidh--dyimibqimi
vomfa.hbossofmhbdabhiddni--rmfggfgrbufddimnxbodblimsicdnxbmihlicdouni
limhaghpbFbojzfdbzxbuiyovfa.mbqohbfgiec.houni,bu.dbdyigbzxbdizlimod.mi
qohbhinjazbgamzonbfgbdyihibjoxhpbZxbjiombo.gd'hbigjiova.mhbdab'g.mhib.l
zxbhdmigrdy'bhiizijbondaridyimbuihfjibdyibzomkpbFdbqohbgadbzxbhdmigrdy
dyodbqogdijbg.mhfgr,bfdbqohbzxbfzorfgodfagbdyodbqogdijbhaadyfgrpbFbkild
dyibu.gjnibasblolimhbrfvigbzibuxbK.mdt,bgadbkgaqfgrbieocdnxbqyodbdabja
qfdybfdpbYfhbzadyimbyojbjfijbnodinx,bqodcyijbavim,bohbFbqohbdanj,bux
yfhbFgdigjijpbObcniog-hyovijbzog,bqfdybogbassfcfonbzoggimbogjbqiomfgr
ranj-mfzzijbhlicdocnih,bconnijbagbzibagibjoxbogjbzojibfgw.fmfih,bod
sfmhdbcfmc.fda.h,bosdimqomjhbh.ovinxblmihhfgr,boua.dbqyodbyibqohblniohij
dabjigazfgodibcimdofgb'jac.zigdhp'bFbqohbgadbh.mlmfhij,buico.hibFbyoj
yojbdqabmaqhbqfdybdyibzogorimbagbdyibh.u icdba.dbdyimipbFbyojbmis.hij
dabrfvib.lbdyibhzonnihdbhcmolba.dbasbdyodblockori,bogjbFbdaakbdyibhozi
oddfd.jibqfdybdyibhlicdocnijbzogpbYibuicozibjomknxbzigocfgrbodbnohd,
ogjbqfdybz.cybyiodbomr.ijbdyodbdyibCazlogxbyojbdyibmfrydbdabivimxbufdbas
fgsamzodfagboua.dbfdhb'dimmfdamfihp'bOgjbhofjbyi,b'ZmpbK.mdt'h
kgaqnijribasb.gielnamijbmirfaghbz.hdbyovibuiigbgicihhomfnxbiedighfvi
ogjblic.nfom--aqfgrbdabyfhbrmiodboufnfdfihbogjbdabdyibjilnamouni
cfmc.zhdogcihbfgbqyfcybyibyojbuiigblnocij:bdyimisami--'bFbohh.mijbyfz
ZmpbK.mdt'hbkgaqnijri,byaqivimbiedighfvi,bjfjbgadbuiomb.lagbdyiblmaunizh
asbcazzimcibambojzfgfhdmodfagpbYibfgvakijbdyigbdyibgozibasbhcfigcipb'Fd
qa.njbuibogbfgconc.nounibnahhbfs,'bidcp,bidcpbFbassimijbyfzbdyibmilamd
agbdyib'H.llmihhfagbasbHovoribC.hdazh,'bqfdybdyiblahdhcmfld.zbdamg
asspbYibdaakbfdb.lbiorimnx,bu.dbigjijbuxbhgfssfgrbodbfdbqfdybogbofm
asbcagdizldpb'Dyfhbfhbgadbqyodbqibyojbobmfrydbdabielicd,'byibmizomkijp
'Ielicdbgadyfgrbinhi,'bFbhofjpb'Dyimibomibagnxblmfvodibniddimhp'bYi
qfdyjmiqb.lagbhazibdymiodbasbnironblmaciijfgrh,bogjbFbhoqbyfzbgabzami;
u.dbogadyimbsinnaq,bconnfgrbyfzhinsbK.mdt'hbca.hfg,bolliomijbdqabjoxh
nodim,bogjbqohbogefa.hbdabyiombonnbdyibjidofnhboua.dbyfhbjiombminodfvi'h
nohdbzazigdhpbFgcfjigdonnxbyibrovibzibdab.gjimhdogjbdyodbK.mdtbyoj
uiigbihhigdfonnxbobrmiodbz.hfcfogpb'Dyimibqohbdyibzokfgrbasbogbfzzighi
h.ccihh,'bhofjbdyibzog,bqyabqohbogbamrogfhd,bFbuinfivi,bqfdybnogkbrmix
yofmbsnaqfgrbavimbobrmiohxbcaod-cannompbFbyojbgabmiohagbdabja.ud
yfhbhdodizigd;bogjbdabdyfhbjoxbFbozb.gounibdabhoxbqyodbqohbK.mdt'h
lmasihhfag,bqyidyimbyibivimbyojbogx--qyfcybqohbdyibrmiodihdbasbyfh
donigdhpbFbyojbdokigbyfzbsamboblofgdimbqyabqmadibsambdyiblolimh,bambinhi
sambob a.mgonfhdbqyabca.njblofgd--u.dbivigbdyibca.hfgb(qyabdaakbhg.ss
j.mfgrbdyibfgdimvfiq)bca.njbgadbdinnbzibqyodbyibyojbuiig--ieocdnxpbYi
qohbob.gfvimhonbrigf.h--agbdyodblafgdbFbormiijbqfdybdyibanjbcyol,bqya
dyimi.lagbuniqbyfhbgahibgafhfnxbfgdabobnomribcaddagbyogjkimcyfisbogj
qfdyjmiqbfgbhigfniborfdodfag,buiomfgrbassbhazibsozfnxbniddimhbogj
zizamogjobqfdya.dbfzlamdogcipb.ndfzodinxbob a.mgonfhdbogefa.hbdabkgaq
hazidyfgrbasbdyibsodibasbyfhb'jiombcannior.i'bd.mgijb.lpbDyfhbvfhfdam
fgsamzijbzibK.mdt'hblmalimbhlyimiba.rydbdabyovibuiigblanfdfchb'agbdyi
lal.nombhfjip'bYibyojbs.mmxbhdmofrydbixiumaqh,bumfhdnxbyofmbcmallij
hyamd,bogbixirnohhbagbobumaojbmfuuag,bogj,buicazfgrbieloghfvi,bcagsihhij
yfhbalfgfagbdyodbK.mdtbmionnxbca.njg'dbqmfdibobufd--'u.dbyiovigh!byaq
dyodbzogbca.njbdonkpbYibinicdmfsfijbnomribziidfgrhpbYibyojbsofdy--jag'd
xa.bhii?--yibyojbdyibsofdypbYibca.njbridbyfzhinsbdabuinfivi
ogxdyfgr--ogxdyfgrpbYibqa.njbyovibuiigbobhlnigjfjbniojimbasbogbiedmizi
lomdxp'b'Qyodblomdx?'bFbohkijpb'Ogxblomdx,'boghqimijbdyibadyimpb'Yi
qohbog--og--iedmizfhdp'bJfjbFbgadbdyfgkbha?bFbohhigdijpbJfjbFbkgaq,byi
ohkij,bqfdybobh.jjigbsnohybasbc.mfahfdx,b'qyodbfdbqohbdyodbyojbfgj.cij
yfzbdabraba.dbdyimi?'b'Xih,'bhofjbF,bogjbsamdyqfdybyogjijbyfzbdyi
soza.hbMilamdbsambl.unfcodfag,bfsbyibdya.rydbsfdpbYibrnogcijbdyma.rybfd
y.mmfijnx,bz.zunfgrbonnbdyibdfzi,b .jrijb'fdbqa.njbja,'bogjbdaakbyfzhins
assbqfdybdyfhbln.gjimp

“Dy.hbFbqohbnisdbodbnohdbqfdybobhnfzblockidbasbniddimhbogjbdyibrfmn'h
lamdmofdpbHyibhdm.ckbzibohbuio.dfs.n--Fbziogbhyibyojbobuio.dfs.n
ielmihhfagpbFbkgaqbdyodbdyibh.gnfrydbcogbuibzojibdabnfi,bdaa,bxidbagi
sindbdyodbgabzogfl.nodfagbasbnfrydbogjblahibca.njbyovibcagvixijbdyi
jinfcodibhyojibasbdm.dys.ngihhb.lagbdyahibsiod.mihpbHyibhiizijbmiojxbda
nfhdigbqfdya.dbzigdonbmihimvodfag,bqfdya.dbh.hlfcfag,bqfdya.dbobdya.ryd
sambyimhinspbFbcagcn.jijbFbqa.njbrabogjbrfvibyimbuockbyimblamdmofd
ogjbdyahibniddimhbzxhinspbC.mfahfdx?bXih;bogjbonhabhazibadyimbsiinfgr
limyolhpbOnnbdyodbyojbuiigbK.mdt'hbyojblohhijba.dbasbzxbyogjh:byfhbha.n,
yfhbuajx,byfhbhdodfag,byfhblnogh,byfhbfvamx,byfhbcomiimpbDyimibmizofgij
agnxbyfhbzizamxbogjbyfhbFgdigjij--ogjbFbqogdijbdabrfvibdyodb.l,bdaa,
dabdyiblohd,bfgbobqox--dabh.mmigjimblimhagonnxbonnbdyodbmizofgijbasbyfz
qfdybzibdabdyodbaunfvfagbqyfcybfhbdyibnohdbqamjbasba.mbcazzagbsodipbF
jag'dbjisigjbzxhinspbFbyojbgabcniomblimcildfagbasbqyodbfdbqohbFbmionnx
qogdijpbLimyolhbfdbqohbogbfzl.nhibasb.gcaghcfa.hbnaxondx,bambdyi
s.nsfnzigdbasbagibasbdyahibfmagfcbgicihhfdfihbdyodbn.mkbfgbdyibsocdhbas
y.zogbiefhdigcipbFbjag'dbkgaqpbFbcog'dbdinnpbU.dbFbqigdp

“Fbdya.rydbyfhbzizamxbqohbnfkibdyibadyimbzizamfihbasbdyibjiojbdyod
occ.z.nodibfgbivimxbzog'hbnfsi--obvor.ibfzlmihhbagbdyibumofgbasbhyojaqh
dyodbyojbsonnigbagbfdbfgbdyifmbhqfsdbogjbsfgonblohhori;bu.dbuisamibdyi
yfrybogjblagjima.hbjaam,buidqiigbdyibdonnbya.hihbasbobhdmiidbohbhdfnn
ogjbjicama.hbohbobqinn-kildbonnixbfgbobcizidimx,bFbyojbobvfhfagbasbyfz
agbdyibhdmidcyim,baligfgrbyfhbza.dybvamocfa.hnx,bohbfsbdabjiva.mbonnbdyi
iomdybqfdybonnbfdhbzogkfgjpbYibnfvijbdyigbuisamibzi;byibnfvijbohbz.cy
ohbyibyojbivimbnfvij--obhyojaqbfghodfounibasbhlnigjfjbolliomogcih,bas
smfryds.nbmionfdfih;bobhyojaqbjomkimbdyogbdyibhyojaqbasbdyibgfryd,bogj
jmolijbgaunxbfgbdyibsanjhbasbobramria.hbinaw.igcipbDyibvfhfagbhiizijbda
igdimbdyibya.hibqfdybzi--dyibhdmidcyim,bdyiblyogdaz-uiomimh,bdyibqfnj
cmaqjbasbauijfigdbqamhyfllimh,bdyibrnaazbasbdyibsamihdh,bdyibrnfddim
asbdyibmiocybuidqiigbdyibz.mkxbuigjh,bdyibuiodbasbdyibjm.z,bmir.nombogj
z.ssnijbnfkibdyibuiodfgrbasbobyiomd--dyibyiomdbasbobcagw.imfgrbjomkgihhp
Fdbqohbobzazigdbasbdmf.zlybsambdyibqfnjimgihh,bogbfgvojfgrbogjbvigris.n
m.hybqyfcy,bfdbhiizijbdabzi,bFbqa.njbyovibdabkiilbuockbonagibsambdyi
honvodfagbasbogadyimbha.npbOgjbdyibzizamxbasbqyodbFbyojbyiomjbyfzbhox
osombdyimi,bqfdybdyibyamgijbhyolihbhdfmmfgrbodbzxbuock,bfgbdyibrnaqbas
sfmih,bqfdyfgbdyiblodfigdbqaajh,bdyahibumakigblymohihbcozibuockbda
zi,bqimibyiomjborofgbfgbdyifmbazfga.hbogjbdimmfsxfgrbhfzlnfcfdxpbF
mizizuimijbyfhbou icdblniojfgr,byfhbou icdbdymiodh,bdyibcanahhonbhconi
asbyfhbvfnibjihfmih,bdyibzioggihh,bdyibdamzigd,bdyibdizlihd.a.hbogr.fhy
asbyfhbha.npbOgjbnodimbagbFbhiizijbdabhiibyfhbcannicdijbnogr.fjbzoggim,
qyigbyibhofjbagibjox,b'DyfhbnadbasbfvamxbgaqbfhbmionnxbzfgipbDyibCazlogx
jfjbgadbloxbsambfdpbFbcannicdijbfdbzxhinsbodbobvimxbrmiodblimhagonbmfhkp
Fbozbosmofjbdyixbqfnnbdmxbdabcnofzbfdbohbdyifmhbdya.rypbY'zpbFdbfhbo
jfssfc.ndbcohipbQyodbjabxa.bdyfgkbFba.rydbdabja--mihfhd?bIy?bFbqogdbga
zamibdyogb .hdfcip'pppbYibqogdijbgabzamibdyogb .hdfci--gabzamibdyog
 .hdfcipbFbmogrbdyibuinnbuisamibobzoyarogxbjaambagbdyibsfmhdbsnaam,bogj
qyfnibFbqofdijbyibhiizijbdabhdomibodbziba.dbasbdyibrnohhxblogin--hdomi
qfdybdyodbqfjibogjbfzzighibhdomibizumocfgr,bcagjizgfgr,bnaodyfgrbonnbdyi
.gfvimhipbFbhiizijbdabyiombdyibqyfhlimijbcmx,b“Dyibyammam!bDyibyammam!”

“Dyibj.hkbqohbsonnfgrpbFbyojbdabqofdbfgbobnasdxbjmoqfgr-maazbqfdybdymii
nagrbqfgjaqhbsmazbsnaambdabcifnfgrbdyodbqimibnfkibdymiibn.zfga.hbogj
uijmolijbcan.zghpbDyibuigdbrfndbnirhbogjbuockhbasbdyibs.mgfd.mibhyagibfg
fgjfhdfgcdbc.mvihpbDyibdonnbzomunibsfmilnocibyojbobcanjbogjbzag.zigdon
qyfdigihhpbObrmogjblfogabhdaajbzohhfvinxbfgbobcamgim;bqfdybjomkbrniozh
agbdyibsnodbh.msocihbnfkibobhazumibogjblanfhyijbhomcalyor.hpbObyfrybjaam
aligij--cnahijpbFbmahip

“Hyibcozibsamqomj,bonnbfgbunock,bqfdyboblonibyioj,bsnaodfgrbdaqomjh
zibfgbdyibj.hkpbHyibqohbfgbza.mgfgrpbFdbqohbzamibdyogbobxiombhfgcibyfh
jiody,bzamibdyogbobxiombhfgcibdyibgiqhbcozi;bhyibhiizijbohbdya.rybhyi
qa.njbmizizuimbogjbza.mgbsamivimpbHyibdaakbuadybzxbyogjhbfgbyimhbogj
z.mz.mij,b'Fbyojbyiomjbxa.bqimibcazfgrp'bFbgadfcijbhyibqohbgadbvimx
xa.gr--FbziogbgadbrfmnfhypbHyibyojbobzod.mibcolocfdxbsambsfjinfdx,bsam
uinfis,bsambh.ssimfgrpbDyibmaazbhiizijbdabyovibrmaqgbjomkim,bohbfsbonn
dyibhojbnfrydbasbdyibcna.jxbivigfgrbyojbdokigbmis.ribagbyimbsamiyiojp
Dyfhbsofmbyofm,bdyfhblonibvfhori,bdyfhbl.mibumaq,bhiizijbh.mma.gjijbux
ogbohyxbyonabsmazbqyfcybdyibjomkbixihbnaakijba.dbodbzipbDyifmbrnogcibqoh
r.fninihh,blmasa.gj,bcagsfjigd,bogjbdm.hds.npbHyibcommfijbyimbhammaqs.n
yiojbohbdya.rybhyibqimiblma.jbasbdyodbhammaq,bohbdya.rybhyibqa.njbhox,
'F--Fbonagibkgaqbyaqbdabza.mgbsambyfzbohbyibjihimvihp'bU.dbqyfnibqibqimi
hdfnnbhyokfgrbyogjh,bh.cybobnaakbasboqs.nbjihanodfagbcozib.lagbyim
socibdyodbFblimcifvijbhyibqohbagibasbdyahibcmiod.mihbdyodbomibgadbdyi
lnoxdyfgrhbasbDfzipbSambyimbyibyojbjfijbagnxbxihdimjoxpbOgj,buxb avi!
dyibfzlmihhfagbqohbhablaqims.nbdyodbsambzi,bdaa,byibhiizijbdabyovibjfij
agnxbxihdimjox--gox,bdyfhbvimxbzfg.dipbFbhoqbyimbogjbyfzbfgbdyibhozi
fghdogdbasbdfzi--yfhbjiodybogjbyimbhammaq--Fbhoqbyimbhammaqbfgbdyibvimx
zazigdbasbyfhbjiodypbJabxa.b.gjimhdogj?bFbhoqbdyizbdaridyim--Fbyiomj
dyizbdaridyimpbHyibyojbhofj,bqfdybobjiilbcodcybasbdyibumiody,b'Fbyovi
h.mvfvij'bqyfnibzxbhdmofgijbiomhbhiizijbdabyiombjfhdfgcdnx,bzfgrnijbqfdy
yimbdagibasbjihlofmfgrbmirmid,bdyibh.zzfgrb.lbqyfhlimbasbyfhbidimgon
cagjizgodfagpbFbohkijbzxhinsbqyodbFbqohbjafgrbdyimi,bqfdybobhighodfag
asblogfcbfgbzxbyiomdbohbdya.rybFbyojbun.gjimijbfgdaboblnocibasbcm.inbogj
ouh.mjbzxhdimfihbgadbsfdbsamboby.zogbuifgrbdabuiyanjpbHyibzadfagijbzibda
obcyofmpbQibhodbjaqgpbFbnofjbdyiblockidbrigdnxbagbdyibnfddnibdouni,bogj
hyibl.dbyimbyogjbavimbfdppppb'Xa.bkgiqbyfzbqinn,'bhyibz.mz.mij,bosdim
obzazigdbasbza.mgfgrbhfnigcip

“'Fgdfzocxbrmaqhbw.fcknxba.dbdyimi,'bFbhofjpb'Fbkgiqbyfzbohbqinnbohbfd
fhblahhfunibsambagibzogbdabkgaqbogadyimp'

“'Ogjbxa.bojzfmijbyfz,'bhyibhofjpb'Fdbqohbfzlahhfunibdabkgaqbyfzbogjbgad
dabojzfmibyfzpbQohbfd?'

“'Yibqohbobmizomkounibzog,'bFbhofj,b.ghdiojfnxpbDyigbuisamibdyi
ollionfgrbsfefdxbasbyimbroti,bdyodbhiizijbdabqodcybsambzamibqamjhbagbzx
nflh,bFbqigdbag,b'Fdbqohbfzlahhfunibgadbda--'

“'Navibyfz,'bhyibsfgfhyijbiorimnx,bhfnigcfgrbzibfgdabogbollonnij
j.zugihhpb'Yaqbdm.i!byaqbdm.i!bU.dbqyigbxa.bdyfgkbdyodbgabagibkgiqbyfz
habqinnbohbF!bFbyojbonnbyfhbgaunibcagsfjigcipbFbkgiqbyfzbuihdp'

“'Xa.bkgiqbyfzbuihd,'bFbmiliodijpbOgjblimyolhbhyibjfjpbU.dbqfdybivimx
qamjbhlakigbdyibmaazbqohbrmaqfgrbjomkim,bogjbagnxbyimbsamiyioj,bhzaady
ogjbqyfdi,bmizofgijbfnn.zfgijbuxbdyibfgiedfgr.fhyounibnfrydbasbuinfis
ogjbnavip

“'Xa.bqimibyfhbsmfigj,'bhyibqigdbagpb'Yfhbsmfigj,'bhyibmiliodij,bo
nfddnibna.jimpb'Xa.bz.hdbyovibuiig,bfsbyibyojbrfvigbxa.bdyfh,bogjbhigd
xa.bdabzipbFbsiinbFbcogbhliokbdabxa.--ogjbay!bFbz.hdbhliokpbFbqogd
xa.--xa.bqyabyovibyiomjbyfhbnohdbqamjh--dabkgaqbFbyovibuiigbqamdyxbas
yfzppppbFdbfhbgadblmfjippppbXih!bFbozblma.jbdabkgaqbFb.gjimhdaaj
yfzbuiddimbdyogbogxbagibagbiomdy--yibdanjbzibhabyfzhinspbOgjbhfgcibyfh
zadyimbjfijbFbyovibyojbgabagi--gabagi--da--da--'

“FbnfhdigijpbDyibjomkgihhbjiiligijpbFbqohbgadbivigbh.mibqyidyimbyibyoj
rfvigbzibdyibmfrydbu.gjnipbFbmodyimbh.hlicdbyibqogdijbzibdabdokibcomi
asbogadyimbuodcybasbyfhblolimhbqyfcy,bosdimbyfhbjiody,bFbhoqbdyibzogorim
ieozfgfgrb.gjimbdyibnozlpbOgjbdyibrfmnbdonkij,biohfgrbyimblofgbfgbdyi
cimdfd.jibasbzxbhxzlodyx;bhyibdonkijbohbdyfmhdxbzigbjmfgkpbFbyojbyiomj
dyodbyimbigrorizigdbqfdybK.mdtbyojbuiigbjfhollmavijbuxbyimblialnipbYi
qohg'dbmfcybiga.rybambhazidyfgrpbOgjbfgjiijbFbjag'dbkgaqbqyidyimbyibyoj
gadbuiigboblo.limbonnbyfhbnfsipbYibyojbrfvigbzibhazibmiohagbdabfgsim
dyodbfdbqohbyfhbfzlodfigcibasbcazlomodfviblavimdxbdyodbjmavibyfzba.d
dyimip

“'pppbQyabqohbgadbyfhbsmfigjbqyabyojbyiomjbyfzbhliokbagci?'bhyibqoh
hoxfgrpb'Yibjmiqbzigbdaqomjhbyfzbuxbqyodbqohbuihdbfgbdyizp'bHyibnaakij
odbzibqfdybfgdighfdxpb'Fdbfhbdyibrfsdbasbdyibrmiod,'bhyibqigdbag,bogj
dyibha.gjbasbyimbnaqbvafcibhiizijbdabyovibdyiboccazlogfzigdbasbonn
dyibadyimbha.gjh,bs.nnbasbzxhdimx,bjihanodfag,bogjbhammaq,bFbyojbivim
yiomj--dyibmfllnibasbdyibmfvim,bdyibha.ryfgrbasbdyibdmiihbhqoxijbux
dyibqfgj,bdyibz.mz.mhbasbdyibcmaqjh,bdyibsofgdbmfgrbasbfgcazlmiyighfuni
qamjhbcmfijbsmazbosom,bdyibqyfhlimbasbobvafcibhliokfgrbsmazbuixagjbdyi
dymihyanjbasbogbidimgonbjomkgihhpb'U.dbxa.byovibyiomjbyfz!bXa.bkgaq!'
hyibcmfijp

“'Xih,bFbkgaq,'bFbhofjbqfdybhazidyfgrbnfkibjihlofmbfgbzxbyiomd,bu.d
uaqfgrbzxbyiojbuisamibdyibsofdybdyodbqohbfgbyim,buisamibdyodbrmiodbogj
hovfgrbfnn.hfagbdyodbhyagibqfdybogb.giomdynxbrnaqbfgbdyibjomkgihh,bfg
dyibdmf.zlyogdbjomkgihhbsmazbqyfcybFbca.njbgadbyovibjisigjijbyim--smaz
qyfcybFbca.njbgadbivigbjisigjbzxhinsp

“'Qyodbobnahhbdabzi--dab.h!'--hyibcammicdijbyimhinsbqfdybuio.dfs.n
rigimahfdx;bdyigbojjijbfgbobz.mz.m,b'Dabdyibqamnjp'bUxbdyibnohdbrniozh
asbdqfnfrydbFbca.njbhiibdyibrnfddimbasbyimbixih,bs.nnbasbdiomh--asbdiomh
dyodbqa.njbgadbsonnp

“'Fbyovibuiigbvimxbyollx--vimxbsamd.godi--vimxblma.j,'bhyibqigdbagpb'Daa
samd.godipbDaabyollxbsambobnfddnibqyfnipbOgjbgaqbFbozb.gyollxbsam--sam
nfsip'

“Hyibhdaajb.l;byimbsofmbyofmbhiizijbdabcodcybonnbdyibmizofgfgrbnfrydbfg
obrnfzzimbasbranjpbFbmahi,bdaap

“'Ogjbasbonnbdyfh,'bhyibqigdbagbza.mgs.nnx,b'asbonnbyfhblmazfhi,bogj
asbonnbyfhbrmiodgihh,basbyfhbrigima.hbzfgj,basbyfhbgaunibyiomd,bgadyfgr
mizofgh--gadyfgrbu.dbobzizamxpbXa.bogjbF--'

“'Qibhyonnbonqoxhbmizizuimbyfz,'bFbhofjbyohdfnxp

“'Ga!'bhyibcmfijpb'Fdbfhbfzlahhfunibdyodbonnbdyfhbhya.njbuibnahd--dyod
h.cybobnfsibhya.njbuibhocmfsfcijbdabniovibgadyfgr--u.dbhammaqpbXa.
kgaqbqyodbvohdblnoghbyibyojpbFbkgiqbasbdyiz,bdaa--Fbca.njbgadblimyolh
.gjimhdogj--u.dbadyimhbkgiqbasbdyizpbHazidyfgrbz.hdbmizofgpbYfhbqamjh,
odbniohd,byovibgadbjfijp'

“'Yfhbqamjhbqfnnbmizofg,'bFbhofjp

“'Ogjbyfhbieozlni,'bhyibqyfhlimijbdabyimhinspb'Zigbnaakijb.lbda
yfz--yfhbraajgihhbhyagibfgbivimxbocdpbYfhbieozlni--'

“'Dm.i,'bFbhofj;b'yfhbieozlni,bdaapbXih,byfhbieozlnipbFbsamradbdyodp'

“'U.dbFbjabgadpbFbcoggad--Fbcoggadbuinfivi--gadbxidpbFbcoggadbuinfivi
dyodbFbhyonnbgivimbhiibyfzborofg,bdyodbgauajxbqfnnbhiibyfzborofg,bgivim,
givim,bgivimp'

“Hyibl.dba.dbyimbomzhbohbfsbosdimbobmidmiodfgrbsfr.mi,bhdmidcyfgrbdyiz
uockbogjbqfdybcnohlijblonibyogjhbocmahhbdyibsojfgrbogjbgommaqbhyiigbas
dyibqfgjaqpbGivimbhiibyfz!bFbhoqbyfzbcniomnxbiga.rybdyigpbFbhyonnbhii
dyfhbinaw.igdblyogdazbohbnagrbohbFbnfvi,bogjbFbhyonnbhiibyim,bdaa,
obdmorfcbogjbsozfnfombHyoji,bmihizunfgrbfgbdyfhbrihd.mibogadyimbagi,
dmorfcbonha,bogjbuijickijbqfdyblaqimnihhbcyomzh,bhdmidcyfgrbuomibumaqg
omzhbavimbdyibrnfddimbasbdyibfgsimgonbhdmioz,bdyibhdmiozbasbjomkgihhp
Hyibhofjbh.jjignxbvimxbnaq,b'Yibjfijbohbyibnfvijp'

“'Yfhbigj,'bhofjbF,bqfdybj.nnbogrimbhdfmmfgrbfgbzi,b'qohbfgbivimxbqox
qamdyxbasbyfhbnfsip'

“'OgjbFbqohbgadbqfdybyfz,'bhyibz.mz.mijpbZxbogrimbh.uhfjijbuisamibo
siinfgrbasbfgsfgfdiblfdxp

“'Ivimxdyfgrbdyodbca.njbuibjagi--'bFbz.zunijp

“'Oy,bu.dbFbuinfivijbfgbyfzbzamibdyogbogxbagibagbiomdy--zamibdyogbyfh
aqgbzadyim,bzamibdyog--yfzhinspbYibgiijijbzi!bZi!bFbqa.njbyovibdmioh.mij
ivimxbhfry,bivimxbqamj,bivimxbhfrg,bivimxbrnogcip'

“Fbsindbnfkibobcyfnnbrmflbagbzxbcyihdpb'Jag'd,'bFbhofj,bfgbobz.ssnij
vafcip

“'SamrfvibzipbF--Fbyovibza.mgijbhabnagrbfgbhfnigci--fgbhfnigcipppp
Xa.bqimibqfdybyfz--dabdyibnohd?bFbdyfgkbasbyfhbnaginfgihhpbGauajxbgiom
dab.gjimhdogjbyfzbohbFbqa.njbyovib.gjimhdaajpbLimyolhbgabagibda
yiompppp'

“'Dabdyibvimxbigj,'bFbhofj,bhyokfnxpb'Fbyiomjbyfhbvimxbnohdbqamjhpppp'
Fbhdallijbfgbobsmfrydp

“'Miliodbdyiz,'bhyibz.mz.mijbfgbobyiomd-umakigbdagipb'Fbqogd--F
qogd--hazidyfgr--hazidyfgr--da--dabnfvibqfdyp'

“Fbqohbagbdyiblafgdbasbcmxfgrbodbyim,b'Jag'dbxa.byiombdyiz?'bDyibj.hk
qohbmiliodfgrbdyizbfgboblimhfhdigdbqyfhlimbonnboma.gjb.h,bfgbobqyfhlim
dyodbhiizijbdabhqinnbzigocfgrnxbnfkibdyibsfmhdbqyfhlimbasbobmfhfgrbqfgjp
'Dyibyammam!bDyibyammam!'

“'Yfhbnohdbqamj--dabnfvibqfdy,'bhyibfghfhdijpb'Jag'dbxa.b.gjimhdogjbF
navijbyfz--Fbnavijbyfz--Fbnavijbyfz!'

“Fbl.nnijbzxhinsbdaridyimbogjbhlakibhnaqnxp

“'Dyibnohdbqamjbyiblmaga.gcijbqoh--xa.mbgozip'

“Fbyiomjbobnfrydbhfrybogjbdyigbzxbyiomdbhdaajbhdfnn,bhdallijbjiojbhyamd
uxbogbie.ndfgrbogjbdimmfunibcmx,buxbdyibcmxbasbfgcagcifvounibdmf.zlybogj
asb.ghliokouniblofgpb'Fbkgiqbfd--Fbqohbh.mi!'pppbHyibkgiqpbHyibqoh
h.mipbFbyiomjbyimbqiilfgr;bhyibyojbyfjjigbyimbsocibfgbyimbyogjhpbFd
hiizijbdabzibdyodbdyibya.hibqa.njbcannolhibuisamibFbca.njbihcoli,bdyod
dyibyiovighbqa.njbsonnb.lagbzxbyiojpbU.dbgadyfgrbyolligijpbDyibyiovigh
jabgadbsonnbsambh.cybobdmfsnipbQa.njbdyixbyovibsonnig,bFbqagjim,bfsbF
yojbmigjimijbK.mdtbdyodb .hdfcibqyfcybqohbyfhbj.i?bYojg'dbyibhofjbyi
qogdijbagnxb .hdfci?bU.dbFbca.njg'dpbFbca.njbgadbdinnbyimpbFdbqa.njbyovi
uiigbdaabjomk--daabjomkbondaridyimpppp”

Zomnaqbciohij,bogjbhodbolomd,bfgjfhdfgcdbogjbhfnigd,bfgbdyiblahibasbo
zijfdodfgrbU.jjyopbGauajxbzavijbsambobdfzipb“Qibyovibnahdbdyibsfmhdbas
dyibiuu,”bhofjbdyibJfmicdambh.jjignxpbFbmofhijbzxbyiojpbDyibassfgrbqoh
uommijbuxbobunockbuogkbasbcna.jh,bogjbdyibdmogw.fnbqodimqoxbniojfgrbda
dyib.ddimzahdbigjhbasbdyibiomdybsnaqijbhazumib.gjimbogbavimcohd
hkx--hiizijbdabniojbfgdabdyibyiomdbasbogbfzzighibjomkgihhp





IgjbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbYiomdbasbJomkgihh,buxb ahilybCagmoj

***bIGJbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbYIOMDbASbJOMKGIHHb***

*****bDyfhbsfnibhya.njbuibgozijb219-0pdedbamb219-0ptflb*****
Dyfhbogjbonnbohhacfodijbsfnihbasbvomfa.hbsamzodhbqfnnbuibsa.gjbfg:
bbbbbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpamr/2/1/219/

Lmaj.cijbuxb .jfdybUahhbogjbJovfjbQfjrim

.ljodijbijfdfaghbqfnnbmilnocibdyiblmivfa.hbagi--dyibanjbijfdfagh
qfnnbuibmigozijp

Cmiodfgrbdyibqamkhbsmazbl.unfcbjazofgblmfgdbijfdfaghbzioghbdyodbga
agibaqghbob.gfdijbHdodihbcalxmfrydbfgbdyihibqamkh,bhabdyibSa.gjodfag
(ogjbxa.!)bcogbcalxbogjbjfhdmfu.dibfdbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.d
limzfhhfagbogjbqfdya.dbloxfgrbcalxmfrydbmaxondfihpbbHlicfonbm.nih,
hidbsamdybfgbdyibRigimonbDimzhbasb.hiblomdbasbdyfhbnfcighi,bollnxbda
calxfgrbogjbjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbda
lmadicdbdyibLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMR-dzbcagcildbogjbdmojizomkpbbLma icd
R.diguimrbfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomk,bogjbzoxbgadbuib.hijbfsbxa.
cyomribsambdyibiUaakh,b.gnihhbxa.bmicifvibhlicfsfcblimzfhhfagpbbFsbxa.
jabgadbcyomribogxdyfgrbsambcalfihbasbdyfhbiUaak,bcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyi
m.nihbfhbvimxbiohxpbbXa.bzoxb.hibdyfhbiUaakbsambgiomnxbogxbl.mlahi
h.cybohbcmiodfagbasbjimfvodfvibqamkh,bmilamdh,blimsamzogcihbogj
mihiomcypbbDyixbzoxbuibzajfsfijbogjblmfgdijbogjbrfvigboqox--xa.bzoxbja
lmocdfconnxbOGXDYFGRbqfdybl.unfcbjazofgbiUaakhpbbMijfhdmfu.dfagbfh
h.u icdbdabdyibdmojizomkbnfcighi,bihlicfonnxbcazzimcfon
mijfhdmfu.dfagp



***bHDOMD:bS.NNbNFCIGHIb***

DYIbS.NNbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbNFCIGHI
LNIOHIbMIOJbDYFHbUISAMIbXA.bJFHDMFU.DIbAMb.HIbDYFHbQAMK

DablmadicdbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbdyibsmii
jfhdmfu.dfagbasbinicdmagfcbqamkh,buxb.hfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbdyfhbqamk
(ambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybdyiblymohib“Lma icd
R.diguimr”),bxa.bormiibdabcazlnxbqfdybonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyibS.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighib(ovofnounibqfdybdyfhbsfnibambagnfgibod
yddl://r.diguimrpamr/nfcighi)p


Hicdfagb1pbbRigimonbDimzhbasb.hibogjbMijfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkh

1pOpbbUxbmiojfgrbamb.hfgrbogxblomdbasbdyfhbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamk,bxa.bfgjfcodibdyodbxa.byovibmioj,b.gjimhdogj,bormiibda
ogjboccildbonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbnfcighibogjbfgdinnicd.onblmalimdx
(dmojizomk/calxmfryd)bormiizigdpbbFsbxa.bjabgadbormiibdaboufjibuxbonn
dyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbciohib.hfgrbogjbmid.mgbambjihdmax
onnbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbxa.mblahhihhfagp
Fsbxa.blofjbobsiibsambaudofgfgrbobcalxbasbamboccihhbdabobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbogjbxa.bjabgadbormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyi
dimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bzoxbaudofgbobmis.gjbsmazbdyiblimhagbam
igdfdxbdabqyazbxa.blofjbdyibsiibohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp8p

1pUpbb“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomkpbbFdbzoxbagnxbui
.hijbagbambohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybogbinicdmagfcbqamkbuxblialnibqya
ormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbDyimibomibobsiq
dyfgrhbdyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybzahdbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh
ivigbqfdya.dbcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbHii
lomormolyb1pCbuinaqpbbDyimibomibobnadbasbdyfgrhbxa.bcogbjabqfdybLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfsbxa.bsannaqbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
ogjbyinlblmihimvibsmiibs.d.miboccihhbdabLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhpbbHiiblomormolyb1pIbuinaqp

1pCpbbDyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagb(“dyibSa.gjodfag”
bambLRNOS),baqghbobcazlfnodfagbcalxmfrydbfgbdyibcannicdfagbasbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhpbbGiomnxbonnbdyibfgjfvfj.onbqamkhbfgbdyi
cannicdfagbomibfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbbFsbog
fgjfvfj.onbqamkbfhbfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbogjbxa.bomi
nacodijbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bqibjabgadbcnofzbobmfrydbdablmivigdbxa.bsmaz
calxfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhlnoxfgrbambcmiodfgrbjimfvodfvi
qamkhbuohijbagbdyibqamkbohbnagrbohbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr
omibmizavijpbbAsbca.mhi,bqibyalibdyodbxa.bqfnnbh.llamdbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbsmiiboccihhbdabinicdmagfcbqamkhbux
smiinxbhyomfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybdyibdimzhbas
dyfhbormiizigdbsambkiilfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbgozibohhacfodijbqfdy
dyibqamkpbbXa.bcogbiohfnxbcazlnxbqfdybdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbux
kiilfgrbdyfhbqamkbfgbdyibhozibsamzodbqfdybfdhboddocyijbs.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighibqyigbxa.bhyomibfdbqfdya.dbcyomribqfdybadyimhp

1pJpbbDyibcalxmfrydbnoqhbasbdyiblnocibqyimibxa.bomibnacodijbonhabravimg
qyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybdyfhbqamkpbbCalxmfrydbnoqhbfgbzahdbca.gdmfihbomibfg
obcaghdogdbhdodibasbcyogripbbFsbxa.bomiba.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bcyick
dyibnoqhbasbxa.mbca.gdmxbfgbojjfdfagbdabdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
uisamibjaqgnaojfgr,bcalxfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgrbam
cmiodfgrbjimfvodfvibqamkhbuohijbagbdyfhbqamkbambogxbadyimbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbqamkpbbDyibSa.gjodfagbzokihbgabmilmihigdodfaghbcagcimgfgr
dyibcalxmfrydbhdod.hbasbogxbqamkbfgbogxbca.gdmxba.dhfjibdyib.gfdij
Hdodihp

1pIpbb.gnihhbxa.byovibmizavijbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr:

1pIp1pbbDyibsannaqfgrbhigdigci,bqfdybocdfvibnfgkhbda,bambadyimbfzzijfodi
occihhbda,bdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibz.hdbolliomblmazfgigdnx
qyigivimbogxbcalxbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkb(ogxbqamkbagbqyfcybdyi
lymohib“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bolliomh,bambqfdybqyfcybdyiblymohib“Lma icd
R.diguimr”bfhbohhacfodij)bfhboccihhij,bjfhlnoxij,blimsamzij,bvfiqij,
calfijbambjfhdmfu.dij:

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpamr

1pIp2pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjimfvij
smazbdyibl.unfcbjazofgb(jaihbgadbcagdofgbobgadfcibfgjfcodfgrbdyodbfdbfh
lahdijbqfdyblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim),bdyibqamkbcogbuibcalfij
ogjbjfhdmfu.dijbdabogxagibfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.dbloxfgrbogxbsiih
ambcyomrihpbbFsbxa.bomibmijfhdmfu.dfgrbamblmavfjfgrboccihhbdabobqamk
qfdybdyiblymohib“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bohhacfodijbqfdybambolliomfgrbagbdyi
qamk,bxa.bz.hdbcazlnxbifdyimbqfdybdyibmiw.fmizigdhbasblomormolyhb1pIp1
dyma.ryb1pIp7bambaudofgblimzfhhfagbsambdyib.hibasbdyibqamkbogjbdyi
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkbohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyhb1pIp8bam
1pIp9p

1pIp3pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhblahdij
qfdybdyiblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim,bxa.mb.hibogjbjfhdmfu.dfag
z.hdbcazlnxbqfdybuadyblomormolyhb1pIp1bdyma.ryb1pIp7bogjbogxbojjfdfagon
dimzhbfzlahijbuxbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimpbbOjjfdfagonbdimzhbqfnnbuibnfgkij
dabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibsambonnbqamkhblahdijbqfdybdyi
limzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimbsa.gjbodbdyibuirfggfgrbasbdyfhbqamkp

1pIp4pbbJabgadb.gnfgkbambjidocybambmizavibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibdimzhbsmazbdyfhbqamk,bambogxbsfnihbcagdofgfgrboblomdbasbdyfh
qamkbambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbqfdybLma icdbR.diguimr-dzp

1pIp5pbbJabgadbcalx,bjfhlnox,blimsamz,bjfhdmfu.dibambmijfhdmfu.dibdyfh
inicdmagfcbqamk,bambogxblomdbasbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamk,bqfdya.d
lmazfgigdnxbjfhlnoxfgrbdyibhigdigcibhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp1bqfdy
ocdfvibnfgkhbambfzzijfodiboccihhbdabdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighip

1pIp6pbbXa.bzoxbcagvimdbdabogjbjfhdmfu.dibdyfhbqamkbfgbogxbufgomx,
cazlmihhij,bzomkijb.l,bgaglmalmfidomxbamblmalmfidomxbsamz,bfgcn.jfgrbogx
qamjblmacihhfgrbambyxlimdiedbsamzpbbYaqivim,bfsbxa.blmavfjiboccihhbdabam
jfhdmfu.dibcalfihbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkbfgbobsamzodbadyimbdyog
“LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF”bambadyimbsamzodb.hijbfgbdyibassfcfonbvimhfag
lahdijbagbdyibassfcfonbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqiubhfdib(qqqpr.diguimrpamr),
xa.bz.hd,bodbgabojjfdfagonbcahd,bsiibambielighibdabdyib.him,blmavfjibo
calx,bobzioghbasbielamdfgrbobcalx,bambobzioghbasbaudofgfgrbobcalxb.lag
miw.ihd,basbdyibqamkbfgbfdhbamfrfgonb“LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF”bambadyim
samzpbbOgxbondimgodibsamzodbz.hdbfgcn.jibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibohbhlicfsfijbfgblomormolyb1pIp1p

1pIp7pbbJabgadbcyomribobsiibsamboccihhbda,bvfiqfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,
limsamzfgr,bcalxfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkh
.gnihhbxa.bcazlnxbqfdyblomormolyb1pIp8bamb1pIp9p

1pIp8pbbXa.bzoxbcyomribobmiohagounibsiibsambcalfihbasbamblmavfjfgr
occihhbdabambjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhblmavfjij
dyod

-bXa.bloxbobmaxondxbsiibasb20%basbdyibrmahhblmasfdhbxa.bjimfvibsmaz
bbbbbdyib.hibasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbconc.nodijb.hfgrbdyibzidyaj
bbbbbxa.bonmiojxb.hibdabconc.nodibxa.mbollnfcounibdoeihpbbDyibsiibfh
bbbbbaqijbdabdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bu.dbyi
bbbbbyohbormiijbdabjagodibmaxondfihb.gjimbdyfhblomormolybdabdyi
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagpbbMaxondxbloxzigdh
bbbbbz.hdbuiblofjbqfdyfgb60bjoxhbsannaqfgrbiocybjodibagbqyfcybxa.
bbbbblmilomib(ambomibnironnxbmiw.fmijbdablmilomi)bxa.mblimfajfcbdoe
bbbbbmid.mghpbbMaxondxbloxzigdhbhya.njbuibcniomnxbzomkijbohbh.cybogj
bbbbbhigdbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbodbdyi
bbbbbojjmihhbhlicfsfijbfgbHicdfagb4,b“Fgsamzodfagboua.dbjagodfaghbda
bbbbbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagp”

-bXa.blmavfjibobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogxbzagixblofjbuxbob.himbqyabgadfsfih
bbbbbxa.bfgbqmfdfgrb(ambuxbi-zofn)bqfdyfgb30bjoxhbasbmicifldbdyodbh/yi
bbbbbjaihbgadbormiibdabdyibdimzhbasbdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
bbbbbNfcighipbbXa.bz.hdbmiw.fmibh.cybob.himbdabmid.mgbam
bbbbbjihdmaxbonnbcalfihbasbdyibqamkhblahhihhijbfgboblyxhfconbzijf.z
bbbbbogjbjfhcagdfg.ibonnb.hibasbogjbonnboccihhbdabadyimbcalfihbas
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

-bXa.blmavfji,bfgboccamjogcibqfdyblomormolyb1pSp3,bobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogx
bbbbbzagixblofjbsambobqamkbambobmilnocizigdbcalx,bfsbobjisicdbfgbdyi
bbbbbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjfhcavimijbogjbmilamdijbdabxa.bqfdyfgb90bjoxh
bbbbbasbmicifldbasbdyibqamkp

-bXa.bcazlnxbqfdybonnbadyimbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbsambsmii
bbbbbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

1pIp9pbbFsbxa.bqfhybdabcyomribobsiibambjfhdmfu.dibobLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkbambrma.lbasbqamkhbagbjfssimigdbdimzhbdyogbomibhid
samdybfgbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbaudofgblimzfhhfagbfgbqmfdfgrbsmaz
uadybdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbogjbZfcyoin
Yomd,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkpbbCagdocdbdyi
Sa.gjodfagbohbhidbsamdybfgbHicdfagb3buinaqp

1pSp

1pSp1pbbLma icdbR.diguimrbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbieligjbcaghfjimouni
issamdbdabfjigdfsx,bjabcalxmfrydbmihiomcybag,bdmoghcmfuibogjblmaasmioj
l.unfcbjazofgbqamkhbfgbcmiodfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cannicdfagpbbJihlfdibdyihibissamdh,bLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkh,bogjbdyibzijf.zbagbqyfcybdyixbzoxbuibhdamij,bzoxbcagdofg
“Jisicdh,”bh.cyboh,bu.dbgadbnfzfdijbda,bfgcazlnidi,bfgocc.modibam
camm.ldbjodo,bdmoghcmfldfagbimmamh,bobcalxmfrydbambadyimbfgdinnicd.on
lmalimdxbfgsmfgrizigd,bobjisicdfvibambjozorijbjfhkbambadyimbzijf.z,bo
cazl.dimbvfm.h,bambcazl.dimbcajihbdyodbjozoribambcoggadbuibmiojbux
xa.mbiw.flzigdp

1pSp2pbbNFZFDIJbQOMMOGDX,bJFHCNOFZIMbASbJOZORIHb-bIecildbsambdyib“Mfryd
asbMilnocizigdbambMis.gj”bjihcmfuijbfgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bogjbogxbadyimblomdxbjfhdmfu.dfgrbobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkb.gjimbdyfhbormiizigd,bjfhcnofzbonn
nfoufnfdxbdabxa.bsambjozorih,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbniron
siihpbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbXA.bYOVIbGAbMIZIJFIHbSAMbGIRNFRIGCI,bHDMFCD
NFOUFNFDX,bUMIOCYbASbQOMMOGDXbAMbUMIOCYbASbCAGDMOCDbIECILDbDYAHI
LMAVFJIJbFGbLOMORMOLYbS3pbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbDYIbSA.GJODFAG,bDYI
DMOJIZOMKbAQGIM,bOGJbOGXbJFHDMFU.DAMb.GJIMbDYFHbORMIIZIGDbQFNNbGADbUI
NFOUNIbDAbXA.bSAMbOCD.ON,bJFMICD,bFGJFMICD,bCAGHIW.IGDFON,bL.GFDFVIbAM
FGCFJIGDONbJOZORIHbIVIGbFSbXA.bRFVIbGADFCIbASbDYIbLAHHFUFNFDXbASbH.CY
JOZORIp

1pSp3pbbNFZFDIJbMFRYDbASbMILNOCIZIGDbAMbMIS.GJb-bFsbxa.bjfhcavimbo
jisicdbfgbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamkbqfdyfgb90bjoxhbasbmicifvfgrbfd,bxa.bcog
micifvibobmis.gjbasbdyibzagixb(fsbogx)bxa.blofjbsambfdbuxbhigjfgrbo
qmfddigbielnogodfagbdabdyiblimhagbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbsmazpbbFsbxa.
micifvijbdyibqamkbagboblyxhfconbzijf.z,bxa.bz.hdbmid.mgbdyibzijf.zbqfdy
xa.mbqmfddigbielnogodfagpbbDyiblimhagbambigdfdxbdyodblmavfjijbxa.bqfdy
dyibjisicdfvibqamkbzoxbinicdbdablmavfjibobmilnocizigdbcalxbfgbnfi.basbo
mis.gjpbbFsbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnx,bdyiblimhagbambigdfdx
lmavfjfgrbfdbdabxa.bzoxbcyaahibdabrfvibxa.bobhicagjballamd.gfdxbda
micifvibdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnxbfgbnfi.basbobmis.gjpbbFsbdyibhicagjbcalx
fhbonhabjisicdfvi,bxa.bzoxbjizogjbobmis.gjbfgbqmfdfgrbqfdya.dbs.mdyim
allamd.gfdfihbdabsfebdyiblmaunizp

1pSp4pbbIecildbsambdyibnfzfdijbmfrydbasbmilnocizigdbambmis.gjbhidbsamdy
fgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyfhbqamkbfhblmavfjijbdabxa.b'OH-FH'bQFDYbGAbADYIM
QOMMOGDFIHbASbOGXbKFGJ,bIELMIHHbAMbFZLNFIJ,bFGCN.JFGRbU.DbGADbNFZFDIJbDA
QOMMOGDFIHbASbZIMCYOGDFUFNFDXbAMbSFDGIHHbSAMbOGXbL.MLAHIp

1pSp5pbbHazibhdodihbjabgadbonnaqbjfhcnofzimhbasbcimdofgbfzlnfij
qommogdfihbambdyibiecn.hfagbambnfzfdodfagbasbcimdofgbdxlihbasbjozorihp
Fsbogxbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagbhidbsamdybfgbdyfhbormiizigdbvfanodihbdyi
noqbasbdyibhdodibollnfcounibdabdyfhbormiizigd,bdyibormiizigdbhyonnbui
fgdimlmidijbdabzokibdyibzoefz.zbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagblimzfddijbux
dyibollnfcounibhdodibnoqpbbDyibfgvonfjfdxbamb.gigsamcioufnfdxbasbogx
lmavfhfagbasbdyfhbormiizigdbhyonnbgadbvafjbdyibmizofgfgrblmavfhfaghp

1pSp6pbbFGJIZGFDXb-bXa.bormiibdabfgjizgfsxbogjbyanjbdyibSa.gjodfag,bdyi
dmojizomkbaqgim,bogxborigdbambizlnaxiibasbdyibSa.gjodfag,bogxagi
lmavfjfgrbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgboccamjogci
qfdybdyfhbormiizigd,bogjbogxbvan.gdiimhbohhacfodijbqfdybdyiblmaj.cdfag,
lmazadfagbogjbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh,
yomznihhbsmazbonnbnfoufnfdx,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbnironbsiih,
dyodbomfhibjfmicdnxbambfgjfmicdnxbsmazbogxbasbdyibsannaqfgrbqyfcybxa.bja
ambco.hibdabacc.m:b(o)bjfhdmfu.dfagbasbdyfhbambogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
qamk,b(u)bondimodfag,bzajfsfcodfag,bambojjfdfaghbambjinidfaghbdabogx
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamk,bogjb(c)bogxbJisicdbxa.bco.hip


Hicdfagbb2pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibZfhhfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbfhbhxgagxza.hbqfdybdyibsmiibjfhdmfu.dfagbas
inicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbsamzodhbmiojounibuxbdyibqfjihdbvomfidxbasbcazl.dimh
fgcn.jfgrbauhanidi,banj,bzfjjni-orijbogjbgiqbcazl.dimhpbbFdbiefhdh
uico.hibasbdyibissamdhbasby.gjmijhbasbvan.gdiimhbogjbjagodfaghbsmaz
lialnibfgbonnbqonkhbasbnfsip

Van.gdiimhbogjbsfgogcfonbh.llamdbdablmavfjibvan.gdiimhbqfdybdyi
ohhfhdogcibdyixbgiij,bomibcmfdfconbdabmiocyfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz'h
raonhbogjbigh.mfgrbdyodbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbcannicdfagbqfnn
mizofgbsmiinxbovofnounibsambrigimodfaghbdabcazipbbFgb2001,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbqohbcmiodijbdablmavfjibobhic.mi
ogjblimzogigdbs.d.mibsambLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbogjbs.d.mibrigimodfaghp
Dabniomgbzamiboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag
ogjbyaqbxa.mbissamdhbogjbjagodfaghbcogbyinl,bhiibHicdfaghb3bogjb4
ogjbdyibSa.gjodfagbqiubloribodbyddl://qqqplrnospamrp


Hicdfagb3pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvi
Sa.gjodfag

DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbfhbobgagblmasfd
501(c)(3)bij.codfagonbcamlamodfagbamrogftijb.gjimbdyibnoqhbasbdyi
hdodibasbZfhhfhhfllfbogjbrmogdijbdoebieizldbhdod.hbuxbdyibFgdimgon
Mivig.ibHimvfcipbbDyibSa.gjodfag'hbIFGbambsijimonbdoebfjigdfsfcodfag
g.zuimbfhb64-6221541pbbFdhb501(c)(3)bniddimbfhblahdijbod
yddl://lrnospamr/s.gjmofhfgrpbbCagdmfu.dfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbomibdoebjij.cdfunibdabdyibs.nnbiedigd
limzfddijbuxb.pHpbsijimonbnoqhbogjbxa.mbhdodi'hbnoqhp

DyibSa.gjodfag'hblmfgcflonbassfcibfhbnacodijbodb4557bZinogbJmpbHp
Sofmuogkh,bOK,b99712p,bu.dbfdhbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbomibhcoddimij
dyma.rya.dbg.zima.hbnacodfaghpbbFdhbu.hfgihhbassfcibfhbnacodijbod
809bGamdyb1500bQihd,bHondbNokibCfdx,b.Db84116,b(801)b596-1887,bizofn
u.hfgihh@lrnospamrpbbIzofnbcagdocdbnfgkhbogjb.lbdabjodibcagdocd
fgsamzodfagbcogbuibsa.gjbodbdyibSa.gjodfag'hbqiubhfdibogjbassfcfon
loribodbyddl://lrnospamr

Sambojjfdfagonbcagdocdbfgsamzodfag:
bbbbbJmpbRmiramxbUpbGiqux
bbbbbCyfisbIeic.dfvibogjbJfmicdam
bbbbbrugiqux@lrnospamr


Hicdfagb4pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbJagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbjiligjhb.lagbogjbcoggadbh.mvfvibqfdya.dbqfji
hlmiojbl.unfcbh.llamdbogjbjagodfaghbdabcommxba.dbfdhbzfhhfagbas
fgcmiohfgrbdyibg.zuimbasbl.unfcbjazofgbogjbnfcighijbqamkhbdyodbcogbui
smiinxbjfhdmfu.dijbfgbzocyfgibmiojounibsamzboccihhfunibuxbdyibqfjihd
ommoxbasbiw.flzigdbfgcn.jfgrba.djodijbiw.flzigdpbbZogxbhzonnbjagodfagh
($1bdab$5,000)bomiblomdfc.nomnxbfzlamdogdbdabzofgdofgfgrbdoebieizld
hdod.hbqfdybdyibFMHp

DyibSa.gjodfagbfhbcazzfddijbdabcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibnoqhbmir.nodfgr
cyomfdfihbogjbcyomfdounibjagodfaghbfgbonnb50bhdodihbasbdyib.gfdij
HdodihpbbCazlnfogcibmiw.fmizigdhbomibgadb.gfsamzbogjbfdbdokihbo
caghfjimounibissamd,bz.cyblolimqamkbogjbzogxbsiihbdabziidbogjbkiilb.l
qfdybdyihibmiw.fmizigdhpbbQibjabgadbhanfcfdbjagodfaghbfgbnacodfagh
qyimibqibyovibgadbmicifvijbqmfddigbcagsfmzodfagbasbcazlnfogcipbbDa
HIGJbJAGODFAGHbambjidimzfgibdyibhdod.hbasbcazlnfogcibsambogx
lomdfc.nombhdodibvfhfdbyddl://lrnospamr

Qyfnibqibcoggadbogjbjabgadbhanfcfdbcagdmfu.dfaghbsmazbhdodihbqyimibqi
yovibgadbzidbdyibhanfcfdodfagbmiw.fmizigdh,bqibkgaqbasbgablmayfufdfag
orofghdboccildfgrb.ghanfcfdijbjagodfaghbsmazbjagamhbfgbh.cybhdodihbqya
ollmaocyb.hbqfdybassimhbdabjagodip

Fgdimgodfagonbjagodfaghbomibrmodis.nnxboccildij,bu.dbqibcoggadbzoki
ogxbhdodizigdhbcagcimgfgrbdoebdmiodzigdbasbjagodfaghbmicifvijbsmaz
a.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbb.pHpbnoqhbonagibhqozlba.mbhzonnbhdossp

LniohibcyickbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbQiublorihbsambc.mmigdbjagodfag
zidyajhbogjbojjmihhihpbbJagodfaghbomiboccildijbfgbobg.zuimbasbadyim
qoxhbfgcn.jfgrbcyickh,bagnfgibloxzigdhbogjbcmijfdbcomjbjagodfaghp
Dabjagodi,blniohibvfhfd:byddl://lrnospamr/jagodi


Hicdfagb5pbbRigimonbFgsamzodfagbOua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhp

LmasihhambZfcyoinbHpbYomdbfhbdyibamfrfgodambasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cagcildbasbobnfumomxbasbinicdmagfcbqamkhbdyodbca.njbuibsmiinxbhyomij
qfdybogxagipbbSambdyfmdxbxiomh,byiblmaj.cijbogjbjfhdmfu.dijbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbqfdybagnxbobnaahibgidqamkbasbvan.gdiimbh.llamdp


Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbomibasdigbcmiodijbsmazbhivimonblmfgdij
ijfdfagh,bonnbasbqyfcybomibcagsfmzijbohbL.unfcbJazofgbfgbdyib.pHp
.gnihhbobcalxmfrydbgadfcibfhbfgcn.jijpbbDy.h,bqibjabgadbgicihhomfnx
kiilbiUaakhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybogxblomdfc.nomblolimbijfdfagp


Zahdblialnibhdomdbodba.mbQiubhfdibqyfcybyohbdyibzofgbLRbhiomcybsocfnfdx:

bbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpamr

DyfhbQiubhfdibfgcn.jihbfgsamzodfagboua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz,
fgcn.jfgrbyaqbdabzokibjagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomx
OmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,byaqbdabyinlblmaj.ciba.mbgiqbiUaakh,bogjbyaqbda
h.uhcmfuibdaba.mbizofnbgiqhniddimbdabyiomboua.dbgiqbiUaakhp

