DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbObDonibasbDqabCfdfih,buxbCyomnihbJfckigh

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpamr


Dfdni:bObDonibasbDqabCfdfih
bbbbbbbObHdamxbasbdyibSmigcybMivan.dfag

O.dyam:bCyomnihbJfckigh

MiniohibJodi:b og.omx,b1994b[IUaakb#98]
LahdfgrbJodi:bGavizuimb28,b2009
Nohdb.ljodij:bZomcyb4,b2018

Nogr.ori:bIgrnfhy

Cyomocdimbhidbigcajfgr:b.DS-8

***bHDOMDbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbObDONIbASbDQAbCFDFIHb***




Lmaj.cijbuxb .jfdybUahh








ObDONIbASbDQAbCFDFIH

ObHDAMXbASbDYIbSMIGCYbMIVAN.DFAG

UxbCyomnihbJfckigh


CAGDIGDH


bbbbbUaakbdyibSfmhd--MiconnijbdabNfsi

bbbbbCyoldimbFbbbbbbDyibLimfaj
bbbbbCyoldimbFFbbbbbDyibZofn
bbbbbCyoldimbFFFbbbbDyibGfrydbHyojaqh
bbbbbCyoldimbFVbbbbbDyibLmilomodfag
bbbbbCyoldimbVbbbbbbDyibQfgi-hyal
bbbbbCyoldimbVFbbbbbDyibHyaizokim


bbbbbUaakbdyibHicagj--dyibRanjigbDymioj

bbbbbCyoldimbFbbbbbbSfvibXiomhbNodim
bbbbbCyoldimbFFbbbbbObHfryd
bbbbbCyoldimbFFFbbbbObJfhollafgdzigd
bbbbbCyoldimbFVbbbbbCagrmod.nodamx
bbbbbCyoldimbVbbbbbbDyib ockon
bbbbbCyoldimbVFbbbbbY.gjmijhbasbLialni
bbbbbCyoldimbVFFbbbbZaghifrgi.mbfgbDaqg
bbbbbCyoldimbVFFFbbbZaghifrgi.mbfgbdyibCa.gdmx
bbbbbCyoldimbFEbbbbbDyibRamrag'hbYioj
bbbbbCyoldimbEbbbbbbDqabLmazfhih
bbbbbCyoldimbEFbbbbbObCazlogfagbLfcd.mi
bbbbbCyoldimbEFFbbbbDyibSinnaqbasbJinfcocx
bbbbbCyoldimbEFFFbbbDyibSinnaqbasbgabJinfcocx
bbbbbCyoldimbEFVbbbbDyibYagihdbDmojihzog
bbbbbCyoldimbEVbbbbbKgfddfgr
bbbbbCyoldimbEVFbbbbHdfnnbKgfddfgr
bbbbbCyoldimbEVFFbbbAgibGfryd
bbbbbCyoldimbEVFFFbbGfgibJoxh
bbbbbCyoldimbEFEbbbbOgbAlfgfag
bbbbbCyoldimbEEbbbbbObLnio
bbbbbCyoldimbEEFbbbbIcyafgrbSaadhdilh
bbbbbCyoldimbEEFFbbbDyibHiobHdfnnbMfhih
bbbbbCyoldimbEEFFFbbSfmibMfhih
bbbbbCyoldimbEEFVbbbJmoqgbdabdyibNaojhdagibMack


bbbbbUaakbdyibDyfmj--dyibDmockbasbobHdamz

bbbbbCyoldimbFbbbbbbFgbHicmid
bbbbbCyoldimbFFbbbbbDyibRmfgjhdagi
bbbbbCyoldimbFFFbbbbDyibHyojaq
bbbbbCyoldimbFVbbbbbConzbfgbHdamz
bbbbbCyoldimbVbbbbbbDyibQaaj-hoqxim
bbbbbCyoldimbVFbbbbbDmf.zly
bbbbbCyoldimbVFFbbbbObKgackbodbdyibJaam
bbbbbCyoldimbVFFFbbbObYogjbodbComjh
bbbbbCyoldimbFEbbbbbDyibRozibZoji
bbbbbCyoldimbEbbbbbbDyibH.uhdogcibasbdyibHyojaq
bbbbbCyoldimbEFbbbbbJ.hk
bbbbbCyoldimbEFFbbbbJomkgihh
bbbbbCyoldimbEFFFbbbSfsdx-dqa
bbbbbCyoldimbEFVbbbbDyibKgfddfgrbJagi
bbbbbCyoldimbEVbbbbbDyibSaadhdilhbJfibA.dbSambIvim





UaakbdyibSfmhd--MiconnijbdabNfsi




FpbDyibLimfaj


Fdbqohbdyibuihdbasbdfzih,
fdbqohbdyibqamhdbasbdfzih,
fdbqohbdyiboribasbqfhjaz,
fdbqohbdyiboribasbsaanfhygihh,
fdbqohbdyibilacybasbuinfis,
fdbqohbdyibilacybasbfgcmij.nfdx,
fdbqohbdyibhiohagbasbNfryd,
fdbqohbdyibhiohagbasbJomkgihh,
fdbqohbdyibhlmfgrbasbyali,
fdbqohbdyibqfgdimbasbjihlofm,
qibyojbivimxdyfgrbuisamib.h,
qibyojbgadyfgrbuisamib.h,
qibqimibonnbrafgrbjfmicdbdabYiovig,
qibqimibonnbrafgrbjfmicdbdyibadyimbqox--
fgbhyamd,bdyiblimfajbqohbhabsombnfkibdyiblmihigdblimfaj,bdyodbhazibas
fdhbgafhfihdbo.dyamfdfihbfghfhdijbagbfdhbuifgrbmicifvij,bsambraajbambsam
ivfn,bfgbdyibh.limnodfvibjirmiibasbcazlomfhagbagnxp

Dyimibqimibobkfgrbqfdybobnomrib oqbogjbobw.iigbqfdyboblnofgbsoci,bagbdyi
dymagibasbIgrnogj;bdyimibqimibobkfgrbqfdybobnomrib oqbogjbobw.iigbqfdy
obsofmbsoci,bagbdyibdymagibasbSmogcipbFgbuadybca.gdmfihbfdbqohbcniomim
dyogbcmxhdonbdabdyibnamjhbasbdyibHdodiblmihimvihbasbnaovihbogjbsfhyih,
dyodbdyfgrhbfgbrigimonbqimibhiddnijbsambivimp

FdbqohbdyibxiombasbA.mbNamjbagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbhivigdx-sfvip
Hlfmfd.onbmivinodfaghbqimibcagcijijbdabIgrnogjbodbdyodbsova.mijblimfaj,
ohbodbdyfhpbZmhpbHa.dycaddbyojbmicigdnxboddofgijbyimbsfvi-ogj-dqigdfidy
unihhijbufmdyjox,basbqyazboblmalyidfcblmfvodibfgbdyibNfsibR.omjhbyoj
yimonjijbdyibh.unfzibolliomogcibuxbogga.gcfgrbdyodbommogrizigdhbqimi
zojibsambdyibhqonnaqfgrb.lbasbNagjagbogjbQihdzfghdimpbIvigbdyibCack-nogi
ryahdbyojbuiigbnofjbagnxbobma.gjbjatigbasbxiomh,bosdimbmollfgrba.dbfdh
zihhorih,bohbdyibhlfmfdhbasbdyfhbvimxbxiombnohdblohdb(h.limgod.monnx
jisfcfigdbfgbamfrfgonfdx)bmollijba.dbdyifmhpbZimibzihhorihbfgbdyi
iomdynxbamjimbasbivigdhbyojbnodinxbcazibdabdyibIgrnfhybCmaqgbogjbLialni,
smazbobcagrmihhbasbUmfdfhybh.u icdhbfgbOzimfco:bqyfcy,bhdmogri
dabminodi,byoviblmavijbzamibfzlamdogdbdabdyiby.zogbmocibdyogbogx
cazz.gfcodfaghbxidbmicifvijbdyma.rybogxbasbdyibcyfckighbasbdyibCack-nogi
umaajp

Smogci,bnihhbsova.mijbagbdyibqyanibohbdabzoddimhbhlfmfd.onbdyogbyim
hfhdimbasbdyibhyfinjbogjbdmfjigd,bmannijbqfdybieciijfgrbhzaadygihhbjaqg
yfnn,bzokfgrblolimbzagixbogjbhligjfgrbfdpb.gjimbdyibr.fjogcibasbyim
Cymfhdfogblohdamh,bhyibigdimdofgijbyimhins,buihfjih,bqfdybh.cyby.zogi
ocyfivizigdhbohbhigdigcfgrbobxa.dybdabyovibyfhbyogjhbc.dbass,byfhbdagr.i
damgba.dbqfdyblfgcimh,bogjbyfhbuajxbu.mgijbonfvi,buico.hibyibyojbgad
kgiinijbjaqgbfgbdyibmofgbdabjabyaga.mbdabobjfmdxblmacihhfagbasbzagkh
qyfcyblohhijbqfdyfgbyfhbvfiq,bodbobjfhdogcibasbhazibsfsdxbambhfedx
xomjhpbFdbfhbnfkinxbiga.rybdyod,bmaadijbfgbdyibqaajhbasbSmogcibogj
Gamqox,bdyimibqimibrmaqfgrbdmiih,bqyigbdyodbh.ssimimbqohbl.dbdabjiody,
onmiojxbzomkijbuxbdyibQaajzog,bSodi,bdabcazibjaqgbogjbuibhoqgbfgda
uaomjh,bdabzokibobcimdofgbzavounibsmoziqamkbqfdybobhockbogjbobkgfsibfg
fd,bdimmfunibfgbyfhdamxpbFdbfhbnfkinxbiga.rybdyodbfgbdyibma.ryba.dya.hih
asbhazibdfnnimhbasbdyibyiovxbnogjhboj ocigdbdabLomfh,bdyimibqimi
hyindimijbsmazbdyibqiodyimbdyodbvimxbjox,bm.jibcomdh,buihloddimijbqfdy
m.hdfcbzfmi,bhg.ssijboua.dbuxblfrh,bogjbmaahdijbfgbuxbla.ndmx,bqyfcy
dyibSomzim,bJiody,byojbonmiojxbhidbolomdbdabuibyfhbd.zumfnhbas
dyibMivan.dfagpbU.dbdyodbQaajzogbogjbdyodbSomzim,bdya.rybdyixbqamk
.gciohfgrnx,bqamkbhfnigdnx,bogjbgabagibyiomjbdyizbohbdyixbqigdboua.d
qfdybz.ssnijbdmioj:bdyibmodyim,bsamohz.cybohbdabigdimdofgbogxbh.hlfcfag
dyodbdyixbqimiboqoki,bqohbdabuibodyifhdfconbogjbdmofdama.hp

FgbIgrnogj,bdyimibqohbhcomcinxbogboza.gdbasbamjimbogjblmadicdfagbda
 .hdfsxbz.cybgodfagonbuaohdfgrpbJomfgrbu.mrnomfihbuxbomzijbzig,bogj
yfryqoxbmauuimfih,bdaakblnocibfgbdyibcolfdonbfdhinsbivimxbgfryd;
sozfnfihbqimibl.unfcnxbco.dfagijbgadbdabraba.dbasbdaqgbqfdya.dbmizavfgr
dyifmbs.mgfd.mibdab.lyanhdimimh'bqomiya.hihbsambhic.mfdx;bdyibyfryqoxzog
fgbdyibjomkbqohbobCfdxbdmojihzogbfgbdyibnfryd,bogj,buifgrbmicargfhijbogj
cyonnigrijbuxbyfhbsinnaq-dmojihzogbqyazbyibhdallijbfgbyfhbcyomocdimbas
“dyibColdofg,”bronnogdnxbhyadbyfzbdyma.rybdyibyiojbogjbmajiboqox;bdyi
zofnbqohbqoxnofjbuxbhivigbmauuimh,bogjbdyibr.omjbhyadbdymiibjioj,bogj
dyigbradbhyadbjiojbyfzhinsbuxbdyibadyimbsa.m,b“fgbcaghiw.igcibasbdyi
sofn.mibasbyfhbozz.gfdfag:”bosdimbqyfcybdyibzofnbqohbmauuijbfgblioci;
dyodbzorgfsfcigdbladigdodi,bdyibNamjbZoxambasbNagjag,bqohbzojibdabhdogj
ogjbjinfvimbagbD.mgyozbRmiig,buxbagibyfryqoxzog,bqyabjihlafnijbdyi
fnn.hdmfa.hbcmiod.mibfgbhfrydbasbonnbyfhbmidfg.i;blmfhagimhbfgbNagjag
roanhbsa.rydbuoddnihbqfdybdyifmbd.mgkixh,bogjbdyibzo ihdxbasbdyibnoq
sfmijbun.gjimu.hhihbfgbozagrbdyiz,bnaojijbqfdybma.gjhbasbhyadbogjbuonn;
dyfivihbhgfllijbassbjfozagjbcmahhihbsmazbdyibgickhbasbgaunibnamjhbod
Ca.mdbjmoqfgr-maazh;bz.hkidiimhbqigdbfgdabHdpbRfnih'h,bdabhiomcy
sambcagdmouogjbraajh,bogjbdyibzaubsfmijbagbdyibz.hkidiimh,bogjbdyi
z.hkidiimhbsfmijbagbdyibzau,bogjbgauajxbdya.rydbogxbasbdyihibacc.mmigcih
z.cyba.dbasbdyibcazzagbqoxpbFgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyiz,bdyibyogrzog,bivimbu.hx
ogjbivimbqamhibdyogb.hinihh,bqohbfgbcaghdogdbmiw.fhfdfag;bgaq,bhdmfgrfgr
.lbnagrbmaqhbasbzfhcinnogia.hbcmfzfgonh;bgaq,byogrfgrbobya.hiumiokimbag
Hod.mjoxbqyabyojbuiigbdokigbagbD.ihjox;bgaq,bu.mgfgrblialnibfgbdyi
yogjbodbGiqrodibuxbdyibjatig,bogjbgaqbu.mgfgrblozlynidhbodbdyibjaambas
QihdzfghdimbYonn;bda-jox,bdokfgrbdyibnfsibasbogbodmacfa.hbz.mjimim,
ogjbda-zammaqbasbobqmidcyijblfnsimimbqyabyojbmauuijbobsomzim'hbuaxbas
hfeligcip

Onnbdyihibdyfgrh,bogjbobdya.hogjbnfkibdyiz,bcozibdablohhbfgbogjbcnahi
.lagbdyibjiombanjbxiombagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbhivigdx-sfvip
Igvfmagijbuxbdyiz,bqyfnibdyibQaajzogbogjbdyibSomzimbqamkijb.gyiijij,
dyahibdqabasbdyibnomrib oqh,bogjbdyahibadyimbdqabasbdyiblnofgbogjbdyi
sofmbsocih,bdmajbqfdybhdfmbiga.ry,bogjbcommfijbdyifmbjfvfgibmfrydh
qfdybobyfrybyogjpbDy.hbjfjbdyibxiombagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmij
ogjbhivigdx-sfvibcagj.cdbdyifmbRmiodgihhih,bogjbzxmfojhbasbhzonn
cmiod.mih--dyibcmiod.mihbasbdyfhbcymagfcnibozagrbdyibmihd--onagrbdyi
maojhbdyodbnoxbuisamibdyizp




FFpbDyibZofn


FdbqohbdyibJavimbmaojbdyodbnox,bagbobSmfjoxbgfrydbnodibfgbGavizuim,
uisamibdyibsfmhdbasbdyiblimhaghbqfdybqyazbdyfhbyfhdamxbyohbu.hfgihhp
DyibJavimbmaojbnox,bohbdabyfz,buixagjbdyibJavimbzofn,bohbfdbn.zuimijb.l
Hyaadim'hbYfnnpbYibqonkijb.lbyfnnbfgbdyibzfmibuxbdyibhfjibasbdyibzofn,
ohbdyibmihdbasbdyiblohhigrimhbjfj;bgadbuico.hibdyixbyojbdyibniohdbminfhy
sambqonkfgrbieimcfhi,b.gjimbdyibcfmc.zhdogcih,bu.dbuico.hibdyibyfnn,
ogjbdyibyomgihh,bogjbdyibz.j,bogjbdyibzofn,bqimibonnbhabyiovx,bdyodbdyi
yamhihbyojbdymiibdfzihbonmiojxbcazibdabobhdal,buihfjihbagcibjmoqfgrbdyi
caocybocmahhbdyibmaoj,bqfdybdyibz.dfga.hbfgdigdbasbdokfgrbfdbuock
dabUnockyiodypbMifghbogjbqyflbogjbcaocyzogbogjbr.omj,byaqivim,bfg
cazufgodfag,byojbmiojbdyodbomdfcnibasbqombqyfcybsamuojibobl.mlahi
adyimqfhibhdmagrnxbfgbsova.mbasbdyibomr.zigd,bdyodbhazibum.dibogfzonh
omibigj.ijbqfdybMiohag;bogjbdyibdiozbyojbcolfd.nodijbogjbmid.mgijbda
dyifmbj.dxp

Qfdybjmaalfgrbyiojhbogjbdmiz.na.hbdofnh,bdyixbzohyijbdyifmbqoxbdyma.ry
dyibdyfckbz.j,bsna.gjimfgrbogjbhd.zunfgrbuidqiigbqyfnih,bohbfsbdyixbqimi
sonnfgrbdablficihbodbdyibnomrimb afgdhpbOhbasdigbohbdyibjmfvimbmihdij
dyizbogjbuma.rydbdyizbdabobhdogj,bqfdybobqomxb“Qa-ya!bha-ya-dyig!”bdyi
giombniojimbvfanigdnxbhyaakbyfhbyiojbogjbivimxdyfgrb.lagbfd--nfkibog
.g.h.onnxbizlyodfcbyamhi,bjigxfgrbdyodbdyibcaocybca.njbuibradb.lbdyi
yfnnpbQyigivimbdyibniojimbzojibdyfhbmoddni,bdyiblohhigrimbhdomdij,bohbo
gimva.hblohhigrimbzfryd,bogjbqohbjfhd.muijbfgbzfgjp

Dyimibqohbobhdiozfgrbzfhdbfgbonnbdyibyannaqh,bogjbfdbyojbmaozijbfgbfdh
samnamggihhb.lbdyibyfnn,bnfkibogbivfnbhlfmfd,bhiikfgrbmihdbogjbsfgjfgr
gagipbObcnozzxbogjbfgdighinxbcanjbzfhd,bfdbzojibfdhbhnaqbqoxbdyma.rybdyi
ofmbfgbmfllnihbdyodbvfhfunxbsannaqijbogjbavimhlmiojbagibogadyim,bohbdyi
qovihbasbogb.gqyanihazibhiobzfrydbjapbFdbqohbjighibiga.rybdabhy.dba.d
ivimxdyfgrbsmazbdyibnfrydbasbdyibcaocy-nozlhbu.dbdyihibfdhbaqgbqamkfgrh,
ogjbobsiqbxomjhbasbmaoj;bogjbdyibmiikbasbdyibnoua.mfgrbyamhihbhdiozij
fgdabfd,bohbfsbdyixbyojbzojibfdbonnp

Dqabadyimblohhigrimh,buihfjihbdyibagi,bqimiblnajjfgrb.lbdyibyfnnbuxbdyi
hfjibasbdyibzofnpbOnnbdymiibqimibqmollijbdabdyibcyiikuagihbogjbavimbdyi
iomh,bogjbqamib ock-uaadhpbGadbagibasbdyibdymiibca.njbyovibhofj,bsmaz
ogxdyfgrbyibhoq,bqyodbifdyimbasbdyibadyimbdqabqohbnfki;bogjbiocybqoh
yfjjigb.gjimbonzahdbohbzogxbqmollimhbsmazbdyibixihbasbdyibzfgj,bohbsmaz
dyibixihbasbdyibuajx,basbyfhbdqabcazlogfaghpbFgbdyahibjoxh,bdmovinnimh
qimibvimxbhyxbasbuifgrbcagsfjigdfonbagbobhyamdbgadfci,bsambogxuajxbag
dyibmaojbzfrydbuibobmauuimbambfgbnior.ibqfdybmauuimhpbOhbdabdyibnoddim,
qyigbivimxblahdfgr-ya.hibogjboni-ya.hibca.njblmaj.cibhaziuajxbfg
“dyibColdofg'h”blox,bmogrfgrbsmazbdyibnogjnamjbdabdyibnaqihdbhdouni
gag-jihcmfld,bfdbqohbdyibnfkinfihdbdyfgrb.lagbdyibcomjhpbHabdyibr.omj
asbdyibJavimbzofnbdya.rydbdabyfzhins,bdyodbSmfjoxbgfrydbfgbGavizuim,bagi
dya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbhivigdx-sfvi,bn.zuimfgrb.lbHyaadim'hbYfnn,boh
yibhdaajbagbyfhbaqgblomdfc.nomblimcybuiyfgjbdyibzofn,buiodfgrbyfhbsiid,
ogjbkiilfgrbogbixibogjbobyogjbagbdyibomz-cyihdbuisamibyfz,bqyimibo
naojijbun.gjimu.hhbnoxbodbdyibdalbasbhfebambifrydbnaojijbyamhi-lfhdanh,
jilahfdijbagbobh.uhdmod.zbasbc.dnohhp

DyibJavimbzofnbqohbfgbfdhb.h.onbrigfonblahfdfagbdyodbdyibr.omjbh.hlicdij
dyiblohhigrimh,bdyiblohhigrimhbh.hlicdijbagibogadyimbogjbdyibr.omj,bdyix
onnbh.hlicdijbivimxuajxbinhi,bogjbdyibcaocyzogbqohbh.mibasbgadyfgrbu.d
dyibyamhih;bohbdabqyfcybcoddnibyibca.njbqfdybobcniombcaghcfigcibyovi
dokigbyfhbaodybagbdyibdqabDihdozigdhbdyodbdyixbqimibgadbsfdbsambdyi
 a.mgixp

“Qa-ya!”bhofjbdyibcaocyzogpb“Ha,bdyig!bAgibzamibl.nnbogjbxa.'mibodbdyi
dalbogjbuibjozgijbdabxa.,bsambFbyovibyojbdma.unibiga.rybdabridbxa.bda
fd!-- ai!”

“Yonnao!”bdyibr.omjbmilnfijp

“Qyodba'cnackbjabxa.bzokibfd,b ai?”

“Digbzfg.dih,braaj,blohdbinivigp”

“Zxbunaaj!”bi oc.nodijbdyibvieijbcaocyzog,b“ogjbgadbodalbasbHyaadim'h
xid!bDhd!bXoy!bRidbagbqfdybxa.!”

Dyibizlyodfcbyamhi,bc.dbhyamdbuxbdyibqyflbfgbobzahdbjicfjijbgirodfvi,
zojibobjicfjijbhcmozunibsambfd,bogjbdyibdymiibadyimbyamhihbsannaqij
h.fdpbAgcibzami,bdyibJavimbzofnbhdm.rrnijbag,bqfdybdyib ock-uaadhbasbfdh
lohhigrimhbhw.ohyfgrbonagrbuxbfdhbhfjipbDyixbyojbhdallijbqyigbdyibcaocy
hdallij,bogjbdyixbkildbcnahibcazlogxbqfdybfdpbFsbogxbagibasbdyibdymii
yojbyojbdyibyomjfyaajbdablmalahibdabogadyimbdabqonkbagbobnfddniboyioj
fgdabdyibzfhdbogjbjomkgihh,byibqa.njbyovibl.dbyfzhinsbfgbobsofmbqoxbas
riddfgrbhyadbfghdogdnxbohbobyfryqoxzogp

Dyibnohdbu.mhdbcommfijbdyibzofnbdabdyibh.zzfdbasbdyibyfnnpbDyibyamhih
hdallijbdabumiodyiborofg,bogjbdyibr.omjbradbjaqgbdabhkfjbdyibqyiinbsam
dyibjihcigd,bogjbaligbdyibcaocy-jaambdabnidbdyiblohhigrimhbfgp

“Dhd!b ai!”bcmfijbdyibcaocyzogbfgbobqomgfgrbvafci,bnaakfgrbjaqgbsmazbyfh
uaep

“Qyodbjabxa.bhox,bDaz?”

Dyixbuadybnfhdigijp

“Fbhoxbobyamhibodbobcogdimbcazfgrb.l,b aip”

“_F_bhoxbobyamhibodbobronnal,bDaz,”bmid.mgijbdyibr.omj,bniovfgrbyfhbyanj
asbdyibjaam,bogjbza.gdfgrbgfzunxbdabyfhblnocipb“Rigdnizig!bFgbdyibkfgr'h
gozi,bonnbasbxa.!”

Qfdybdyfhby.mmfijboj .modfag,byibcackijbyfhbun.gjimu.hh,bogjbhdaajbag
dyibassighfvip

Dyiblohhigrimbuaakijbuxbdyfhbyfhdamx,bqohbagbdyibcaocy-hdil,briddfgrbfg;
dyibdqabadyimblohhigrimhbqimibcnahibuiyfgjbyfz,bogjboua.dbdabsannaqpbYi
mizofgijbagbdyibhdil,byonsbfgbdyibcaocybogjbyonsba.dbas;bdyixbmizofgij
fgbdyibmaojbuinaqbyfzpbDyixbonnbnaakijbsmazbdyibcaocyzogbdabdyibr.omj,
ogjbsmazbdyibr.omjbdabdyibcaocyzog,bogjbnfhdigijpbDyibcaocyzogbnaakij
uockbogjbdyibr.omjbnaakijbuock,bogjbivigbdyibizlyodfcbniojimblmfckijb.l
yfhbiomhbogjbnaakijbuock,bqfdya.dbcagdmojfcdfgrp

Dyibhdfnngihhbcaghiw.igdbagbdyibcihhodfagbasbdyibm.zunfgrbogjbnoua.mfgr
asbdyibcaocy,bojjijbdabdyibhdfnngihhbasbdyibgfryd,bzojibfdbvimxbw.fid
fgjiijpbDyiblogdfgrbasbdyibyamhihbcazz.gfcodijbobdmiz.na.hbzadfagbda
dyibcaocy,bohbfsbfdbqimibfgbobhdodibasborfdodfagpbDyibyiomdhbasbdyi
lohhigrimhbuiodbna.jbiga.ryblimyolhbdabuibyiomj;bu.dbodbogxbmodi,bdyi
w.fidblo.hibqohbo.jfunxbielmihhfvibasblialniba.dbasbumiody,bogjbyanjfgr
dyibumiody,bogjbyovfgrbdyibl.nhihbw.fckigijbuxbielicdodfagp

Dyibha.gjbasbobyamhibodbobronnalbcozibsohdbogjbs.mfa.hnxb.lbdyibyfnnp

“Ha-ya!”bdyibr.omjbhogrba.d,bohbna.jbohbyibca.njbmaompb“Xabdyimi!bHdogj!
Fbhyonnbsfmi!”

Dyiblocibqohbh.jjignxbcyickij,bogj,bqfdybz.cybhlnohyfgrbogjbsna.gjimfgr,
obzog'hbvafcibconnijbsmazbdyibzfhd,b“FhbdyodbdyibJavimbzofn?”

“Givimbxa.bzfgjbqyodbfdbfh!”bdyibr.omjbmidamdijpb“Qyodbomibxa.?”

“_Fh_bdyodbdyibJavimbzofn?”

“Qyxbjabxa.bqogdbdabkgaq?”

“Fbqogdboblohhigrim,bfsbfdbfhp”

“Qyodblohhigrim?”

“Zmpb omvfhbNammxp”

A.mbuaakijblohhigrimbhyaqijbfgbobzazigdbdyodbfdbqohbyfhbgozipbDyibr.omj,
dyibcaocyzog,bogjbdyibdqabadyimblohhigrimhbixijbyfzbjfhdm.hds.nnxp

“Kiilbqyimibxa.bomi,”bdyibr.omjbconnijbdabdyibvafcibfgbdyibzfhd,
“uico.hi,bfsbFbhya.njbzokibobzfhdoki,bfdbca.njbgivimbuibhidbmfrydbfg
xa.mbnfsidfzipbRigdnizogbasbdyibgozibasbNammxboghqimbhdmofrydp”

“Qyodbfhbdyibzoddim?”bohkijbdyiblohhigrim,bdyig,bqfdybzfnjnxbw.ovimfgr
hliicypb“Qyabqogdhbzi?bFhbfdb immx?”

(“Fbjag'dbnfkib immx'hbvafci,bfsbfdbfhb immx,”brmaqnijbdyibr.omjbda
yfzhinspb“Yi'hbyaomhimbdyogbh.fdhbzi,bfhb immxp”)

“Xih,bZmpbNammxp”

“Qyodbfhbdyibzoddim?”

“Objihlodcybhigdbosdimbxa.bsmazbavimbxagjimpbDpbogjbCap”

“Fbkgaqbdyfhbzihhigrim,br.omj,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,briddfgrbjaqgbfgdabdyi
maoj--ohhfhdijbsmazbuiyfgjbzamibhqfsdnxbdyogblanfdinxbuxbdyibadyimbdqa
lohhigrimh,bqyabfzzijfodinxbhcmozunijbfgdabdyibcaocy,bhy.dbdyibjaam,bogj
l.nnijb.lbdyibqfgjaqpb“Yibzoxbcazibcnahi;bdyimi'hbgadyfgrbqmagrp”

“Fbyalibdyimibofg'd,bu.dbFbcog'dbzokibhab'Godfagbh.mibasbdyod,”bhofjbdyi
r.omj,bfgbrm.ssbhanfnaw.xpb“Yonnabxa.!”

“Qinn!bOgjbyonnabxa.!”bhofjb immx,bzamibyaomhinxbdyogbuisamip

“Cazibagbodbobsaadloci!bj'xibzfgjbzi?bOgjbfsbxa.'vibradbyanhdimhbdabdyod
hojjniba'bxa.mg,bjag'dbnidbzibhiibxa.mbyogjbrabgfryb'izpbSambF'zbobjivfn
odbobw.fckbzfhdoki,bogjbqyigbFbzokibagibfdbdokihbdyibsamzbasbNiojpbHa
gaqbnid'hbnaakbodbxa.p”

Dyibsfr.mihbasbobyamhibogjbmfjimbcozibhnaqnxbdyma.rybdyibijjxfgrbzfhd,
ogjbcozibdabdyibhfjibasbdyibzofn,bqyimibdyiblohhigrimbhdaajpbDyibmfjim
hdaalij,bogj,bcohdfgrb.lbyfhbixihbodbdyibr.omj,byogjijbdyiblohhigrim
obhzonnbsanjijblolimpbDyibmfjim'hbyamhibqohbunaqg,bogjbuadybyamhibogj
mfjimbqimibcavimijbqfdybz.j,bsmazbdyibyaashbasbdyibyamhibdabdyibyodbas
dyibzogp

“R.omj!”bhofjbdyiblohhigrim,bfgbobdagibasbw.fidbu.hfgihhbcagsfjigcip

Dyibqodcys.nbr.omj,bqfdybyfhbmfrydbyogjbodbdyibhdackbasbyfhbmofhij
un.gjimu.hh,byfhbnisdbodbdyibuommin,bogjbyfhbixibagbdyibyamhizog,
oghqimijbc.mdnx,b“Hfmp”

“DyimibfhbgadyfgrbdabollmiyigjpbFbuinagrbdabDinnhag'hbUogkpbXa.bz.hd
kgaqbDinnhag'hbUogkbfgbNagjagpbFbozbrafgrbdabLomfhbagbu.hfgihhpbObcmaqg
dabjmfgkpbFbzoxbmiojbdyfh?”

“Fsbhabuibohbxa.'mibw.fck,bhfmp”

Yibaligijbfdbfgbdyibnfrydbasbdyibcaocy-nozlbagbdyodbhfji,bogj
mioj--sfmhdbdabyfzhinsbogjbdyigbona.j:b“'QofdbodbJavimbsambZoz'hinnip'
Fd'hbgadbnagr,bxa.bhii,br.omjpb immx,bhoxbdyodbzxboghqimbqoh,bMICONNIJ
DAbNFSIp”

 immxbhdomdijbfgbyfhbhojjnipb“Dyod'hbobUnotfgrbhdmogriboghqim,bdaa,”
bhofjbyi,bodbyfhbyaomhihdp

“Dokibdyodbzihhoribuock,bogjbdyixbqfnnbkgaqbdyodbFbmicifvijbdyfh,boh
qinnbohbfsbFbqmadipbZokibdyibuihdbasbxa.mbqoxpbRaajbgfrydp”

Qfdybdyahibqamjhbdyiblohhigrimbaligijbdyibcaocy-jaambogjbradbfg;bgadbod
onnbohhfhdijbuxbyfhbsinnaq-lohhigrimh,bqyabyojbielijfdfa.hnxbhicmidij
dyifmbqodcyihbogjbl.mhihbfgbdyifmbuaadh,bogjbqimibgaqbzokfgrbobrigimon
lmidigcibasbuifgrbohniilpbQfdybgabzamibjisfgfdibl.mlahibdyogbdabihcoli
dyibyotomjbasbamfrfgodfgrbogxbadyimbkfgjbasbocdfagp

Dyibcaocybn.zuimijbagborofg,bqfdybyiovfimbqmiodyhbasbzfhdbcnahfgrbma.gj
fdbohbfdbuirogbdyibjihcigdpbDyibr.omjbhaagbmilnocijbyfhbun.gjimu.hh
fgbyfhbomz-cyihd,bogj,byovfgrbnaakijbdabdyibmihdbasbfdhbcagdigdh,bogj
yovfgrbnaakijbdabdyibh.llnizigdomxblfhdanhbdyodbyibqamibfgbyfhbuind,
naakijbdabobhzonnimbcyihdbuigiodybyfhbhiod,bfgbqyfcybdyimibqimibo
siqbhzfdy'hbdaanh,bobca.lnibasbdamcyih,bogjbobdfgjim-uaepbSambyibqoh
s.mgfhyijbqfdybdyodbcazlnidigihhbdyodbfsbdyibcaocy-nozlhbyojbuiigbunaqg
ogjbhdamzijba.d,bqyfcybjfjbaccohfagonnxbyollig,byibyojbagnxbdabhy.d
yfzhinsb.lbfghfji,bkiilbdyibsnfgdbogjbhdiinbhlomkhbqinnbassbdyibhdmoq,
ogjbridbobnfrydbqfdybdanimounibhosidxbogjbiohib(fsbyibqimibn.ckx)bfg
sfvibzfg.dihp

“Daz!”bhasdnxbavimbdyibcaocybmaasp

“Yonna,b aip”

“Jfjbxa.byiombdyibzihhori?”

“Fbjfj,b aip”

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bzokibasbfd,bDaz?”

“Gadyfgrbodbonn,b aip”

“Dyod'hbobcafgcfjigci,bdaa,”bdyibr.omjbz.hij,b“sambFbzojibdyibhozibasbfd
zxhinsp”

 immx,bnisdbonagibfgbdyibzfhdbogjbjomkgihh,bjfhza.gdijbziogqyfni,bgad
agnxbdabiohibyfhbhligdbyamhi,bu.dbdabqflibdyibz.jbsmazbyfhbsoci,bogj
hyokibdyibqidba.dbasbyfhbyod-umfz,bqyfcybzfrydbuibcolounibas
yanjfgrboua.dbyonsbobronnagpbOsdimbhdogjfgrbqfdybdyibumfjnibavimbyfh
yiovfnx-hlnohyijbomz,b.gdfnbdyibqyiinhbasbdyibzofnbqimibgabnagrimbqfdyfg
yiomfgrbogjbdyibgfrydbqohbw.fdibhdfnnborofg,byibd.mgijbdabqonkbjaqgbdyi
yfnnp

“OsdimbdyodbdyimibronnalbsmazbDizlnibUom,banjbnojx,bFbqag'dbdm.hdbxa.m
sami-nirhbdfnnbFbridbxa.bagbdyibnivin,”bhofjbdyfhbyaomhibzihhigrim,
rnogcfgrbodbyfhbzomipb“'Miconnijbdabnfsip'bDyod'hbobUnotfgrbhdmogri
zihhoripbZ.cybasbdyodbqa.njg'dbjabsambxa.,b immx!bFbhox,b immx!bXa.'j
uibfgbobUnotfgrbuojbqox,bfsbmiconnfgrbdabnfsibqohbdabcazibfgdabsohyfag,
 immx!”




FFFpbDyibGfrydbHyojaqh


Obqagjims.nbsocdbdabmisnicdb.lag,bdyodbivimxby.zogbcmiod.mibfh
caghdfd.dijbdabuibdyodblmasa.gjbhicmidbogjbzxhdimxbdabivimxbadyimpbO
hanizgbcaghfjimodfag,bqyigbFbigdimbobrmiodbcfdxbuxbgfryd,bdyodbivimx
agibasbdyahibjomknxbcn.hdimijbya.hihbigcnahihbfdhbaqgbhicmid;bdyodbivimx
maazbfgbivimxbagibasbdyizbigcnahihbfdhbaqgbhicmid;bdyodbivimxbuiodfgr
yiomdbfgbdyiby.gjmijhbasbdya.hogjhbasbumiohdhbdyimi,bfh,bfgbhazibas
fdhbfzorfgfgrh,bobhicmidbdabdyibyiomdbgiomihdbfd!bHazidyfgrbasbdyi
oqs.ngihh,bivigbasbJiodybfdhins,bfhbmisimounibdabdyfhpbGabzamibcogbF
d.mgbdyibniovihbasbdyfhbjiombuaakbdyodbFbnavij,bogjbvofgnxbyalibfgbdfzi
dabmiojbfdbonnpbGabzamibcogbFbnaakbfgdabdyibjildyhbasbdyfhb.gsodyazouni
qodim,bqyimifg,bohbzazigdomxbnfrydhbrnogcijbfgdabfd,bFbyovibyojbrnfzlhih
asbu.mfijbdmioh.mibogjbadyimbdyfgrhbh.uzimrijpbFdbqohbollafgdijbdyodbdyi
uaakbhya.njbhy.dbqfdybobhlmfgr,bsambivimbogjbsambivim,bqyigbFbyojbmioj
u.dbobloripbFdbqohbollafgdijbdyodbdyibqodimbhya.njbuibnackijbfgbog
idimgonbsmahd,bqyigbdyibnfrydbqohblnoxfgrbagbfdhbh.msoci,bogjbFbhdaaj
fgbfrgamogcibagbdyibhyamipbZxbsmfigjbfhbjioj,bzxbgifryua.mbfhbjioj,
zxbnavi,bdyibjomnfgrbasbzxbha.n,bfhbjioj;bfdbfhbdyibfgieamouni
caghanfjodfagbogjblimlid.odfagbasbdyibhicmidbdyodbqohbonqoxhbfgbdyod
fgjfvfj.onfdx,bogjbqyfcybFbhyonnbcommxbfgbzfgibdabzxbnfsi'hbigjpbFg
ogxbasbdyibu.mfon-lnocihbasbdyfhbcfdxbdyma.rybqyfcybFblohh,bfhbdyimi
obhniilimbzamibfghcm.dounibdyogbfdhbu.hxbfgyoufdogdhbomi,bfgbdyifm
fggimzahdblimhagonfdx,bdabzi,bambdyogbFbozbdabdyiz?

Ohbdabdyfh,byfhbgod.monbogjbgadbdabuibonfigodijbfgyimfdogci,bdyi
zihhigrimbagbyamhiuockbyojbieocdnxbdyibhoziblahhihhfaghbohbdyibKfgr,bdyi
sfmhdbZfgfhdimbasbHdodi,bambdyibmfcyihdbzimcyogdbfgbNagjagpbHabqfdybdyi
dymiiblohhigrimhbhy.db.lbfgbdyibgommaqbcazlohhbasbagibn.zuimfgrbanjbzofn
caocy;bdyixbqimibzxhdimfihbdabagibogadyim,bohbcazlnidibohbfsbiocybyoj
uiigbfgbyfhbaqgbcaocybogjbhfe,bambyfhbaqgbcaocybogjbhfedx,bqfdybdyi
umiojdybasbobca.gdxbuidqiigbyfzbogjbdyibgiedp

Dyibzihhigrimbmajibuockbodbogbiohxbdmad,bhdallfgrblmiddxbasdigbod
oni-ya.hihbuxbdyibqoxbdabjmfgk,bu.dbivfgcfgrbobdigjigcxbdabkiilbyfh
aqgbca.ghin,bogjbdabkiilbyfhbyodbcackijbavimbyfhbixihpbYibyojbixihbdyod
ohhamdijbvimxbqinnbqfdybdyodbjicamodfag,buifgrbasbobh.msocibunock,bqfdy
gabjildybfgbdyibcana.mbambsamz,bogjbz.cybdaabgiombdaridyim--ohbfsbdyix
qimibosmofjbasbuifgrbsa.gjba.dbfgbhazidyfgr,bhfgrnx,bfsbdyixbkildbdaa
sombolomdpbDyixbyojbobhfgfhdimbielmihhfag,b.gjimbogbanjbcackij-yodbnfki
obdymii-camgimijbhlfddaag,bogjbavimbobrmiodbz.ssnimbsambdyibcyfgbogj
dymaod,bqyfcybjihcigjijbgiomnxbdabdyibqiomim'hbkgiihpbQyigbyibhdallij
sambjmfgk,byibzavijbdyfhbz.ssnimbqfdybyfhbnisdbyogj,bagnxbqyfnibyi
la.mijbyfhbnfw.ambfgbqfdybyfhbmfryd;bohbhaagbohbdyodbqohbjagi,byi
z.ssnijborofgp

“Ga,b immx,bga!”bhofjbdyibzihhigrim,byomlfgrbagbagibdyizibohbyibmajip
“Fdbqa.njg'dbjabsambxa.,b immxpb immx,bxa.byagihdbdmojihzog,bfdbqa.njg'd
h.fdb_xa.m_bnfgibasbu.hfgihh!bMiconnij--!bU.hdbzibfsbFbjag'dbdyfgkbyi'j
uiigbobjmfgkfgr!”

Yfhbzihhoriblimlnieijbyfhbzfgjbdabdyodbjirmiibdyodbyibqohbsofg,bhivimon
dfzih,bdabdokibassbyfhbyodbdabhcmodcybyfhbyiojpbIecildbagbdyibcmaqg,
qyfcybqohbmorrijnxbuonj,byibyojbhdfss,bunockbyofm,bhdogjfgrb orrijnxbonn
avimbfd,bogjbrmaqfgrbjaqgbyfnnbonzahdbdabyfhbumaoj,bun.gdbgahipbFdbqoh
habnfkibHzfdy'hbqamk,bhabz.cybzamibnfkibdyibdalbasbobhdmagrnxbhlfkij
qonnbdyogbobyiojbasbyofm,bdyodbdyibuihdbasblnoximhbodbniol-smarbzfryd
yovibjicnfgijbyfz,bohbdyibzahdbjogrima.hbzogbfgbdyibqamnjbdabrabavimp

Qyfnibyibdmaddijbuockbqfdybdyibzihhoribyibqohbdabjinfvimbdabdyibgfryd
qodcyzogbfgbyfhbuaebodbdyibjaambasbDinnhag'hbUogk,buxbDizlnibUom,bqya
qohbdabjinfvimbfdbdabrmiodimbo.dyamfdfihbqfdyfg,bdyibhyojaqhbasbdyi
gfrydbdaakbh.cybhyolihbdabyfzbohbomahiba.dbasbdyibzihhori,bogjbdaakbh.cy
hyolihbdabdyibzomibohbomahiba.dbasb_yim_blmfvodibdalfchbasb.giohfgihhp
Dyixbhiizijbdabuibg.zima.h,bsambhyibhyfijbodbivimxbhyojaqbagbdyibmaojp

Qyodbdfzi,bdyibzofn-caocybn.zuimij,b andij,bmoddnij,bogjbu.zlijb.lag
fdhbdijfa.hbqox,bqfdybfdhbdymiibsinnaq-fghcm.dounihbfghfjipbDabqyaz,
nfkiqfhi,bdyibhyojaqhbasbdyibgfrydbmivionijbdyizhinvih,bfgbdyibsamzh
dyifmbjatfgrbixihbogjbqogjimfgrbdya.rydhbh.rrihdijp

Dinnhag'hbUogkbyojbobm.gb.lagbfdbfgbdyibzofnpbOhbdyibuogk
lohhigrim--qfdybogbomzbjmoqgbdyma.rybdyibniodyimgbhdmol,bqyfcybjfjbqyod
noxbfgbfdbdabkiilbyfzbsmazbla.gjfgrborofghdbdyibgiedblohhigrim,
ogjbjmfvfgrbyfzbfgdabyfhbcamgim,bqyigivimbdyibcaocybradbobhlicfon
 and--gajjijbfgbyfhblnoci,bqfdybyons-hy.dbixih,bdyibnfddni
caocy-qfgjaqh,bogjbdyibcaocy-nozlbjfznxbrniozfgrbdyma.rybdyiz,bogjbdyi
u.nkxbu.gjnibasballahfdiblohhigrim,buicozibdyibuogk,bogjbjfjbobrmiod
hdmakibasbu.hfgihhpbDyibmoddnibasbdyibyomgihhbqohbdyibcyfgkbasbzagix,
ogjbzamibjmosdhbqimibyaga.mijbfgbsfvibzfg.dihbdyogbivigbDinnhag'h,bqfdy
onnbfdhbsamifrgbogjbyazibcaggicdfag,bivimblofjbfgbdymfcibdyibdfzipbDyig
dyibhdmagr-maazhb.gjimrma.gj,bodbDinnhag'h,bqfdybh.cybasbdyifmbvon.ouni
hdamihbogjbhicmidhbohbqimibkgaqgbdabdyiblohhigrimb(ogjbfdbqohbgadbo
nfddnibdyodbyibkgiqboua.dbdyiz),baligijbuisamibyfz,bogjbyibqigdbfgbozagr
dyizbqfdybdyibrmiodbkixhbogjbdyibsiiunx-u.mgfgrbcogjni,bogjbsa.gjbdyiz
hosi,bogjbhdmagr,bogjbha.gj,bogjbhdfnn,b .hdbohbyibyojbnohdbhiigbdyizp

U.d,bdya.rybdyibuogkbqohbonzahdbonqoxhbqfdybyfz,bogjbdya.rybdyibcaocy
(fgbobcags.hijbqox,bnfkibdyiblmihigcibasblofgb.gjimbogbalfodi)bqoh
onqoxhbqfdybyfz,bdyimibqohbogadyimbc.mmigdbasbfzlmihhfagbdyodbgivim
ciohijbdabm.g,bonnbdyma.rybdyibgfrydpbYibqohbagbyfhbqoxbdabjfrbhazibagi
a.dbasbobrmovip

Gaq,bqyfcybasbdyibz.ndfd.jibasbsocihbdyodbhyaqijbdyizhinvihbuisamibyfz
qohbdyibdm.ibsocibasbdyibu.mfijblimhag,bdyibhyojaqhbasbdyibgfrydbjfj
gadbfgjfcodi;bu.dbdyixbqimibonnbdyibsocihbasbobzogbasbsfvi-ogj-samdxbux
xiomh,bogjbdyixbjfssimijblmfgcflonnxbfgbdyiblohhfaghbdyixbielmihhij,
ogjbfgbdyibryohdnfgihhbasbdyifmbqamgbogjbqohdijbhdodipbLmfji,bcagdizld,
jisfogci,bhd.uuamggihh,bh.uzfhhfag,bnozigdodfag,bh.cciijijbagibogadyim;
habjfjbvomfidfihbasbh.gkigbcyiik,bcojovima.hbcana.m,bizocfodijbyogjh
ogjbsfr.mihpbU.dbdyibsocibqohbfgbdyibzofgbagibsoci,bogjbivimxbyiojbqoh
lmizod.minxbqyfdipbOby.gjmijbdfzihbdyibjatfgrblohhigrimbfgw.fmijbasbdyfh
hlicdmi:

“U.mfijbyaqbnagr?”

Dyiboghqimbqohbonqoxhbdyibhozi:b“Onzahdbifrydiigbxiomhp”

“Xa.byojbouogjagijbonnbyalibasbuifgrbj.rba.d?”

“Nagrborap”

“Xa.bkgaqbdyodbxa.bomibmiconnijbdabnfsi?”

“Dyixbdinnbzibhap”

“Fbyalibxa.bcomibdabnfvi?”

“Fbcog'dbhoxp”

“HyonnbFbhyaqbyimbdabxa.?bQfnnbxa.bcazibogjbhiibyim?”

Dyiboghqimhbdabdyfhbw.ihdfagbqimibvomfa.hbogjbcagdmojfcdamxpbHazidfzih
dyibumakigbmilnxbqoh,b“Qofd!bFdbqa.njbkfnnbzibfsbFbhoqbyimbdaabhaagp”
bHazidfzih,bfdbqohbrfvigbfgbobdigjimbmofgbasbdiomh,bogjbdyigbfdbqoh,
“Dokibzibdabyimp”bHazidfzihbfdbqohbhdomfgrbogjbuiqfnjimij,bogjbdyigbfd
qoh,b“Fbjag'dbkgaqbyimpbFbjag'db.gjimhdogjp”

Osdimbh.cybfzorfgomxbjfhca.mhi,bdyiblohhigrimbfgbyfhbsogcxbqa.njbjfr,
ogjbjfr,bjfr--gaqbqfdybobhloji,bgaqbqfdybobrmiodbkix,bgaqbqfdybyfh
yogjh--dabjfrbdyfhbqmidcyijbcmiod.miba.dpbRadba.dbodbnohd,bqfdybiomdy
yogrfgrboua.dbyfhbsocibogjbyofm,byibqa.njbh.jjignxbsogboqoxbdabj.hdpbDyi
lohhigrimbqa.njbdyigbhdomdbdabyfzhins,bogjbnaqimbdyibqfgjaq,bdabridbdyi
mionfdxbasbzfhdbogjbmofgbagbyfhbcyiikp

Xidbivigbqyigbyfhbixihbqimibaligijbagbdyibzfhdbogjbmofg,bagbdyibzavfgr
lodcybasbnfrydbsmazbdyibnozlh,bogjbdyibyijribodbdyibmaojhfjibmidmiodfgr
uxb imkh,bdyibgfrydbhyojaqhba.dhfjibdyibcaocybqa.njbsonnbfgdabdyibdmofg
asbdyibgfrydbhyojaqhbqfdyfgpbDyibmionbUogkfgr-ya.hibuxbDizlnibUom,bdyi
mionbu.hfgihhbasbdyiblohdbjox,bdyibmionbhdmagrbmaazh,bdyibmionbielmihh
higdbosdimbyfz,bogjbdyibmionbzihhoribmid.mgij,bqa.njbonnbuibdyimipbA.d
asbdyibzfjhdbasbdyiz,bdyibryahdnxbsocibqa.njbmfhi,bogjbyibqa.njboccahd
fdborofgp

“U.mfijbyaqbnagr?”

“Onzahdbifrydiigbxiomhp”

“Fbyalibxa.bcomibdabnfvi?”

“Fbcog'dbhoxp”

Jfr--jfr--jfr--.gdfnbogbfzlodfigdbzavizigdbsmazbagibasbdyibdqa
lohhigrimhbqa.njbojzagfhybyfzbdabl.nnb.lbdyibqfgjaq,bjmoqbyfhbomz
hic.minxbdyma.rybdyibniodyimgbhdmol,bogjbhlic.nodib.lagbdyibdqa
hn.zuimfgrbsamzh,b.gdfnbyfhbzfgjbnahdbfdhbyanjbasbdyiz,bogjbdyixborofg
hnfjboqoxbfgdabdyibuogkbogjbdyibrmovip

“U.mfijbyaqbnagr?”

“Onzahdbifrydiigbxiomhp”

“Xa.byojbouogjagijbonnbyalibasbuifgrbj.rba.d?”

“Nagrborap”

Dyibqamjhbqimibhdfnnbfgbyfhbyiomfgrbohb .hdbhlakig--jfhdfgcdnxbfg
yfhbyiomfgrbohbivimbhlakigbqamjhbyojbuiigbfgbyfhbnfsi--qyigbdyibqiomx
lohhigrimbhdomdijbdabdyibcaghcfa.hgihhbasbjoxnfryd,bogjbsa.gjbdyodbdyi
hyojaqhbasbdyibgfrydbqimibragip

Yibnaqimijbdyibqfgjaq,bogjbnaakijba.dbodbdyibmfhfgrbh.gpbDyimibqohbo
mfjribasblna.ryijbnogj,bqfdyboblna.ryb.lagbfdbqyimibfdbyojbuiigbnisd
nohdbgfrydbqyigbdyibyamhihbqimib.gxakij;buixagj,bobw.fidbcallfci-qaaj,
fgbqyfcybzogxbniovihbasbu.mgfgrbmijbogjbranjigbxinnaqbhdfnnbmizofgij
.lagbdyibdmiihpbDya.rybdyibiomdybqohbcanjbogjbqid,bdyibhkxbqohbcniom,
ogjbdyibh.gbmahibumfryd,blnocfj,bogjbuio.dfs.np

“Ifrydiigbxiomh!”bhofjbdyiblohhigrim,bnaakfgrbodbdyibh.gpb“Rmocfa.h
Cmiodambasbjox!bDabuibu.mfijbonfvibsambifrydiigbxiomh!”




FVpbDyibLmilomodfag


Qyigbdyibzofnbradbh.ccihhs.nnxbdabJavim,bfgbdyibca.mhibasbdyibsamigaag,
dyibyiojbjmoqimbodbdyibMaxonbRiamribYadinbaligijbdyibcaocy-jaambohbyfh
c.hdazbqohpbYibjfjbfdbqfdybhazibsna.mfhybasbcimizagx,bsambobzofnb a.mgix
smazbNagjagbfgbqfgdimbqohbogbocyfivizigdbdabcagrmod.nodibogbojvigd.ma.h
dmovinnimb.lagp

Uxbdyodbdfzi,bdyimibqohbagnxbagibojvigd.ma.hbdmovinnimbnisdbui
cagrmod.nodij:bsambdyibdqabadyimhbyojbuiigbhidbjaqgbodbdyifmbmihlicdfvi
maojhfjibjihdfgodfaghpbDyibzfnjiqxbfghfjibasbdyibcaocy,bqfdybfdhbjozl
ogjbjfmdxbhdmoq,bfdhbjfhormiiounibhzinn,bogjbfdhbauhc.mfdx,bqohbmodyim
nfkibobnomrimbjar-kigginpbZmpbNammx,bdyiblohhigrim,bhyokfgrbyfzhinsba.d
asbfdbfgbcyofghbasbhdmoq,bobdogrnibasbhyorrxbqmollim,bsnollfgrbyod,bogj
z.jjxbnirh,bqohbmodyimbnfkibobnomrimbhamdbasbjarp

“DyimibqfnnbuiboblockidbdabConofh,bdazammaq,bjmoqim?”

“Xih,bhfm,bfsbdyibqiodyimbyanjhbogjbdyibqfgjbhidhbdanimounibsofmpbDyi
dfjibqfnnbhimviblmiddxbgfcinxbodboua.dbdqabfgbdyibosdimgaag,bhfmpbUij,
hfm?”

“Fbhyonnbgadbrabdabuijbdfnnbgfryd;bu.dbFbqogdbobuijmaaz,bogjbobuomuimp”

“Ogjbdyigbumioksohd,bhfm?bXih,bhfmpbDyodbqox,bhfm,bfsbxa.blniohip
HyaqbCagcamj!bRigdnizog'hbvonfhibogjbyadbqodimbdabCagcamjpbL.nnbass
rigdnizog'hbuaadhbfgbCagcamjpb(Xa.bqfnnbsfgjbobsfgibhio-caonbsfmi,bhfmp)
SidcybuomuimbdabCagcamjpbHdfmboua.dbdyimi,bgaq,bsambCagcamj!”

DyibCagcamjbuij-cyozuimbuifgrbonqoxhbohhfrgijbdaboblohhigrimbuxbdyi
zofn,bogjblohhigrimhbuxbdyibzofnbuifgrbonqoxhbyiovfnxbqmollijb.lbsmaz
yiojbdabsaad,bdyibmaazbyojbdyibajjbfgdimihdbsambdyibihdounfhyzigdbasbdyi
MaxonbRiamri,bdyodbondya.rybu.dbagibkfgjbasbzogbqohbhiigbdabrabfgdabfd,
onnbkfgjhbogjbvomfidfihbasbzigbcoziba.dbasbfdpbCaghiw.igdnx,bogadyim
jmoqim,bogjbdqablamdimh,bogjbhivimonbzofjhbogjbdyibnogjnojx,bqimibonn
nafdimfgrbuxboccfjigdbodbvomfa.hblafgdhbasbdyibmaojbuidqiigbdyibCagcamj
ogjbdyibcassii-maaz,bqyigbobrigdnizogbasbhfedx,bsamzonnxbjmihhijbfgbo
umaqgbh.fdbasbcnadyih,blmiddxbqinnbqamg,bu.dbvimxbqinnbkild,bqfdybnomri
hw.omibc.sshbogjbnomribsnolhbdabdyiblackidh,blohhijbonagrbagbyfhbqoxbda
yfhbumioksohdp

Dyibcassii-maazbyojbgabadyimbacc.logd,bdyodbsamigaag,bdyogbdyibrigdnizog
fgbumaqgpbYfhbumioksohd-dounibqohbjmoqgbuisamibdyibsfmi,bogjbohbyibhod,
qfdybfdhbnfrydbhyfgfgrbagbyfz,bqofdfgrbsambdyibzion,byibhodbhabhdfnn,
dyodbyibzfrydbyovibuiigbhfddfgrbsambyfhblamdmofdp

Vimxbamjimnxbogjbzidyajfconbyibnaakij,bqfdybobyogjbagbiocybkgii,bogjbo
na.jbqodcybdfckfgrbobhagama.hbhimzagb.gjimbyfhbsnollijbqofhd-caod,
ohbdya.rybfdblfddijbfdhbrmovfdxbogjbnagrivfdxborofghdbdyibnivfdxbogj
ivogihcigcibasbdyibumfhkbsfmipbYibyojbobraajbnir,bogjbqohbobnfddnibvofg
asbfd,bsambyfhbumaqgbhdackfgrhbsfddijbhniikbogjbcnahi,bogjbqimibasbo
sfgibdied.mi;byfhbhyaihbogjbu.cknih,bdaa,bdya.ryblnofg,bqimibdmfzpbYi
qamibogbajjbnfddnibhniikbcmfhlbsnoeigbqfr,bhiddfgrbvimxbcnahibdabyfh
yioj:bqyfcybqfr,bfdbfhbdabuiblmih.zij,bqohbzojibasbyofm,bu.dbqyfcy
naakijbsombzamibohbdya.rybfdbqimibhl.gbsmazbsfnozigdhbasbhfnkbambrnohhp
Yfhbnfgig,bdya.rybgadbasbobsfgigihhbfgboccamjogcibqfdybyfhbhdackfgrh,
qohbohbqyfdibohbdyibdalhbasbdyibqovihbdyodbumakib.lagbdyibgifryua.mfgr
uiocy,bambdyibhlickhbasbhofnbdyodbrnfgdijbfgbdyibh.gnfrydbsombodbhiopbO
socibyoufd.onnxbh.llmihhijbogjbw.fidij,bqohbhdfnnbnfrydijb.lb.gjimbdyi
w.ofgdbqfrbuxboblofmbasbzafhdbumfrydbixihbdyodbfdbz.hdbyovibcahd
dyifmbaqgim,bfgbxiomhbragibux,bhaziblofghbdabjmfnnbdabdyibcazlahijbogj
mihimvijbielmihhfagbasbDinnhag'hbUogkpbYibyojbobyiondyxbcana.mbfgbyfh
cyiikh,bogjbyfhbsoci,bdya.rybnfgij,buamibsiqbdmocihbasbogefidxp
U.d,blimyolhbdyibcagsfjigdfonbuocyinambcnimkhbfgbDinnhag'hbUogkbqimi
lmfgcflonnxbacc.lfijbqfdybdyibcomihbasbadyimblialni;bogjblimyolh
hicagj-yogjbcomih,bnfkibhicagj-yogjbcnadyih,bcazibiohfnxbassbogjbagp

Cazlnidfgrbyfhbmihizunogcibdabobzogbqyabqohbhfddfgrbsambyfhblamdmofd,
ZmpbNammxbjmallijbassbdabhniilpbDyibommfvonbasbyfhbumioksohdbma.hijbyfz,
ogjbyibhofjbdabdyibjmoqim,bohbyibzavijbyfhbcyofmbdabfd:

“Fbqfhyboccazzajodfagblmilomijbsambobxa.grbnojxbqyabzoxbcazibyimibodbogx
dfzibda-joxpbHyibzoxbohkbsambZmpb omvfhbNammx,bambhyibzoxbagnxbohkbsambo
rigdnizogbsmazbDinnhag'hbUogkpbLniohibdabnidbzibkgaqp”

“Xih,bhfmpbDinnhag'hbUogkbfgbNagjag,bhfm?”

“Xihp”

“Xih,bhfmpbQibyovibasdigdfzihbdyibyaga.mbdabigdimdofgbxa.mbrigdnizigbfg
dyifmbdmovinnfgrbuockqomjhbogjbsamqomjhbuidqfedbNagjagbogjbLomfh,bhfmpbO
vohdbjionbasbdmovinnfgr,bhfm,bfgbDinnhagbogjbCazlogx'hbYa.hip”

“XihpbQibomibw.fdibobSmigcybYa.hi,bohbqinnbohbogbIgrnfhybagip”

“Xih,bhfmpbGadbz.cybfgbdyibyoufdbasbh.cybdmovinnfgrbxa.mhins,bFbdyfgk,
hfm?”

“GadbasbnodibxiomhpbFdbfhbsfsdiigbxiomhbhfgcibqi--hfgcibF--cozibnohd
smazbSmogcip”

“Fgjiij,bhfm?bDyodbqohbuisamibzxbdfzibyimi,bhfmpbUisamiba.mblialni'h
dfzibyimi,bhfmpbDyibRiamribqohbfgbadyimbyogjhbodbdyodbdfzi,bhfmp”

“Fbuinfivibhap”

“U.dbFbqa.njbyanjboblmiddxbqorim,bhfm,bdyodbobYa.hibnfkibDinnhagbogj
Cazlogxbqohbsna.mfhyfgr,bobzoddimbasbsfsdx,bgadbdabhliokbasbsfsdiig
xiomhbora?”

“Xa.bzfrydbdmiunibdyod,bogjbhoxboby.gjmijbogjbsfsdx,bxidbgadbuibsombsmaz
dyibdm.dyp”

“Fgjiij,bhfm!”

Ma.gjfgrbyfhbza.dybogjbuadybyfhbixih,bohbyibhdillijbuockqomjbsmazbdyi
douni,bdyibqofdimbhyfsdijbyfhbgolkfgbsmazbyfhbmfrydbomzbdabyfhbnisd,
jmallijbfgdabobcazsamdouniboddfd.ji,bogjbhdaajbh.mvixfgrbdyibr.ihdbqyfni
yibodibogjbjmogk,bohbsmazbogbauhimvodamxbambqodcydaqimpbOccamjfgrbdabdyi
fzzizamfonb.horibasbqofdimhbfgbonnborihp

QyigbZmpbNammxbyojbsfgfhyijbyfhbumioksohd,byibqigdba.dbsambobhdmannbag
dyibuiocypbDyibnfddnibgommaq,bcmaakijbdaqgbasbJavimbyfjbfdhinsboqox
smazbdyibuiocy,bogjbmogbfdhbyiojbfgdabdyibcyonkbcnfssh,bnfkibobzomfgi
ahdmfcypbDyibuiocybqohbobjihimdbasbyiolhbasbhiobogjbhdagihbd.zunfgr
qfnjnxboua.d,bogjbdyibhiobjfjbqyodbfdbnfkij,bogjbqyodbfdbnfkijbqoh
jihdm.cdfagpbFdbdy.gjimijbodbdyibdaqg,bogjbdy.gjimijbodbdyibcnfssh,bogj
uma.rydbdyibcaohdbjaqg,bzojnxpbDyibofmbozagrbdyibya.hihbqohbasbhabhdmagr
oblfhcodamxbsnova.mbdyodbagibzfrydbyovibh.llahijbhfckbsfhybqigdb.lbdabui
jfllijbfgbfd,bohbhfckblialnibqigdbjaqgbdabuibjfllijbfgbdyibhiopbObnfddni
sfhyfgrbqohbjagibfgbdyiblamd,bogjbobw.ogdfdxbasbhdmannfgrboua.dbux
gfryd,bogjbnaakfgrbhioqomj:blomdfc.nomnxbodbdyahibdfzihbqyigbdyibdfji
zoji,bogjbqohbgiombsnaajpbHzonnbdmojihzig,bqyabjfjbgabu.hfgihhbqyodivim,
hazidfzihb.gocca.gdounxbmionfhijbnomribsamd.gih,bogjbfdbqohbmizomkouni
dyodbgauajxbfgbdyibgifryua.myaajbca.njbigj.mibobnozlnfrydimp

Ohbdyibjoxbjicnfgijbfgdabdyibosdimgaag,bogjbdyibofm,bqyfcybyojbuiig
odbfgdimvonhbcniombiga.rybdabonnaqbdyibSmigcybcaohdbdabuibhiig,buicozi
orofgbcyomrijbqfdybzfhdbogjbvola.m,bZmpbNammx'hbdya.rydhbhiizijbdabcna.j
daapbQyigbfdbqohbjomk,bogjbyibhodbuisamibdyibcassii-maazbsfmi,boqofdfgr
yfhbjfggimbohbyibyojboqofdijbyfhbumioksohd,byfhbzfgjbqohbu.hfnxbjfrrfgr,
jfrrfgr,bjfrrfgr,bfgbdyibnfvibmijbcaonhp

Obuaddnibasbraajbcnomidbosdimbjfggimbjaihbobjfrrimbfgbdyibmijbcaonhbga
yomz,badyimqfhibdyogbohbfdbyohbobdigjigcxbdabdymaqbyfzba.dbasbqamkp
ZmpbNammxbyojbuiigbfjnibobnagrbdfzi,bogjbyojb .hdbla.mijba.dbyfhbnohd
rnohhs.nbasbqfgibqfdybohbcazlnidibogbolliomogcibasbhodfhsocdfagbohbfh
ivimbdabuibsa.gjbfgbogbinjimnxbrigdnizogbasbobsmihybcazlniefagbqyabyoh
radbdabdyibigjbasbobuaddni,bqyigbobmoddnfgrbasbqyiinhbcozib.lbdyibgommaq
hdmiid,bogjbm.zunijbfgdabdyibfgg-xomjp

Yibhidbjaqgbyfhbrnohhb.gda.cyijpb“DyfhbfhbZoz'hinni!”bhofjbyip

Fgbobvimxbsiqbzfg.dihbdyibqofdimbcozibfgbdabogga.gcibdyodbZfhhbZogiddi
yojbommfvijbsmazbNagjag,bogjbqa.njbuibyollxbdabhiibdyibrigdnizogbsmaz
Dinnhag'hp

“Habhaag?”

ZfhhbZogiddibyojbdokigbhazibmismihyzigdbagbdyibmaoj,bogjbmiw.fmijbgagi
dyig,bogjbqohbiedmizinxbogefa.hbdabhiibdyibrigdnizogbsmazbDinnhag'h
fzzijfodinx,bfsbfdbh.fdijbyfhblnioh.mibogjbcagvigfigcip

DyibrigdnizogbsmazbDinnhag'hbyojbgadyfgrbnisdbsambfdbu.dbdabizldxbyfh
rnohhbqfdybogbofmbasbhdanfjbjihlimodfag,bhiddnibyfhbajjbnfddnibsnoeig
qfrbodbdyibiomh,bogjbsannaqbdyibqofdimbdabZfhhbZogiddi'hbolomdzigdp
Fdbqohbobnomri,bjomkbmaaz,bs.mgfhyijbfgbobs.gimionbzoggimbqfdybunock
yamhiyofm,bogjbnaojijbqfdybyiovxbjomkbdounihpbDyihibyojbuiigbafnijbogj
afnij,b.gdfnbdyibdqabdonnbcogjnihbagbdyibdounibfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibmaaz
qimibrnaazfnxbmisnicdijbagbivimxbnios;bohbfsb_dyix_bqimibu.mfij,bfgbjiil
rmovihbasbunockbzoyarogx,bogjbgabnfrydbdabhliokbasbca.njbuibielicdij
smazbdyizb.gdfnbdyixbqimibj.rba.dp

Dyibauhc.mfdxbqohbhabjfssfc.ndbdabligidmodibdyodbZmpbNammx,blfckfgrbyfh
qoxbavimbdyibqinn-qamgbD.mkixbcomlid,bh.llahijbZfhhbZogiddibdabui,bsam
dyibzazigd,bfgbhaziboj ocigdbmaaz,b.gdfn,byovfgrbradblohdbdyibdqabdonn
cogjnih,byibhoqbhdogjfgrbdabmicifvibyfzbuxbdyibdounibuidqiigbdyizbogj
dyibsfmi,bobxa.grbnojxbasbgadbzamibdyogbhivigdiig,bfgbobmfjfgr-cnaok,
ogjbhdfnnbyanjfgrbyimbhdmoqbdmovinnfgr-yodbuxbfdhbmfuuagbfgbyimbyogjpbOh
yfhbixihbmihdijbagbobhyamd,bhnfryd,blmiddxbsfr.mi,bobw.ogdfdxbasbranjig
yofm,boblofmbasbun.ibixihbdyodbzidbyfhbaqgbqfdybogbfgw.fmfgrbnaak,bogj
obsamiyiojbqfdybobhfgr.nombcolocfdxb(mizizuimfgrbyaqbxa.grbogjbhzaady
fdbqoh),basbmfsdfgrbogjbkgfddfgrbfdhinsbfgdabogbielmihhfagbdyodbqoh
gadbw.fdibagibasblimlniefdx,bambqagjim,bambonomz,bambziminxbasbobumfryd
sfeijboddigdfag,bdya.rybfdbfgcn.jijbonnbdyibsa.mbielmihhfagh--ohbyfh
ixihbmihdijbagbdyihibdyfgrh,bobh.jjigbvfvfjbnfkigihhblohhijbuisamibyfz,
asbobcyfnjbqyazbyibyojbyinjbfgbyfhbomzhbagbdyiblohhoribocmahhbdyodbvimx
Cyoggin,bagibcanjbdfzi,bqyigbdyibyofnbjmfsdijbyiovfnxbogjbdyibhiobmog
yfrypbDyibnfkigihhblohhijboqox,bnfkibobumiodybonagrbdyibh.msocibas
dyibro.gdblfim-rnohhbuiyfgjbyim,bagbdyibsmozibasbqyfcy,bobyahlfdon
lmacihhfagbasbgirmabc.lfjh,bhivimonbyiojnihhbogjbonnbcmfllnih,bqimi
assimfgrbunockbuohkidhbasbJiojbHiobsm.fdbdabunockbjfvfgfdfihbasbdyi
sizfgfgibrigjim--ogjbyibzojibyfhbsamzonbuaqbdabZfhhbZogiddip

“Lmoxbdokibobhiod,bhfmp”bFgbobvimxbcniombogjblniohogdbxa.grbvafci;bo
nfddnibsamifrgbfgbfdhboccigd,bu.dbobvimxbnfddnibfgjiijp

“Fbkfhhbxa.mbyogj,bzfhh,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqfdybdyibzoggimhbasbogbiomnfim
jodi,bohbyibzojibyfhbsamzonbuaqborofg,bogjbdaakbyfhbhiodp

“FbmicifvijbobniddimbsmazbdyibUogk,bhfm,bxihdimjox,bfgsamzfgrbzibdyod
hazibfgdinnfrigci--ambjfhcavimx--”

“Dyibqamjbfhbgadbzodimfon,bzfhh;bifdyimbqamjbqfnnbjap”

“--mihlicdfgrbdyibhzonnblmalimdxbasbzxblaambsodyim,bqyazbFbgivimbhoq--ha
nagrbjioj--”

ZmpbNammxbzavijbfgbyfhbcyofm,bogjbcohdbobdma.unijbnaakbdaqomjhbdyi
yahlfdonblmacihhfagbasbgirmabc.lfjhpbOhbfsb_dyix_byojbogxbyinlbsam
ogxuajxbfgbdyifmbouh.mjbuohkidh!

“--migjimijbfdbgicihhomxbdyodbFbhya.njbrabdabLomfh,bdyimibdabcazz.gfcodi
qfdybobrigdnizogbasbdyibUogk,bhabraajbohbdabuibjihlodcyijbdabLomfhbsam
dyibl.mlahip”

“Zxhinsp”

“OhbFbqohblmilomijbdabyiom,bhfmp”

Hyibc.mdhixijbdabyfzb(xa.grbnojfihbzojibc.mdhixhbfgbdyahibjoxh),bqfdybo
lmiddxbjihfmibdabcagvixbdabyfzbdyodbhyibsindbyaqbz.cybanjimbogjbqfhimbyi
qohbdyogbhyipbYibzojibyimbogadyimbuaqp

“FbmilnfijbdabdyibUogk,bhfm,bdyodbohbfdbqohbcaghfjimijbgicihhomx,bux
dyahibqyabkgaq,bogjbqyabomibhabkfgjbohbdabojvfhibzi,bdyodbFbhya.njbrabda
Smogci,bogjbdyodbohbFbozbogbamlyogbogjbyovibgabsmfigjbqyabca.njbrabqfdy
zi,bFbhya.njbihdiizbfdbyfrynxbfsbFbzfrydbuiblimzfddijbdablnocibzxhins,
j.mfgrbdyib a.mgix,b.gjimbdyodbqamdyxbrigdnizog'hblmadicdfagpbDyi
rigdnizogbyojbnisdbNagjag,bu.dbFbdyfgkbobzihhigrimbqohbhigdbosdimbyfzbda
uirbdyibsova.mbasbyfhbqofdfgrbsambzibyimip”

“Fbqohbyollx,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“dabuibigdm.hdijbqfdybdyibcyomripbFbhyonn
uibzamibyollxbdabieic.dibfdp”

“Hfm,bFbdyogkbxa.bfgjiijpbFbdyogkbxa.bvimxbrmodis.nnxpbFdbqohbdanjbzi
uxbdyibUogkbdyodbdyibrigdnizogbqa.njbielnofgbdabzibdyibjidofnhbasbdyi
u.hfgihh,bogjbdyodbFbz.hdblmilomibzxhinsbdabsfgjbdyizbasbobh.mlmfhfgr
god.mipbFbyovibjagibzxbuihdbdablmilomibzxhins,bogjbFbgod.monnxbyovibo
hdmagrbogjbiorimbfgdimihdbdabkgaqbqyodbdyixbomip”

“God.monnx,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Xih--F--”

Osdimboblo.hi,byibojjij,borofgbhiddnfgrbdyibcmfhlbsnoeigbqfrbodbdyi
iomh,b“Fdbfhbvimxbjfssfc.ndbdabuirfgp”

Yibjfjbgadbuirfg,bu.d,bfgbyfhbfgjicfhfag,bzidbyimbrnogcipbDyibxa.gr
samiyiojbnfsdijbfdhinsbfgdabdyodbhfgr.nombielmihhfag--u.dbfdbqohblmiddx
ogjbcyomocdimfhdfc,buihfjihbuifgrbhfgr.nom--ogjbhyibmofhijbyimbyogj,
ohbfsbqfdybogbfgvan.gdomxbocdfagbhyibco.rydbod,bambhdoxijbhaziblohhfgr
hyojaqp

“Omibxa.bw.fdibobhdmogrimbdabzi,bhfm?”

“OzbFbgad?”bZmpbNammxbaligijbyfhbyogjh,bogjbiedigjijbdyizba.dqomjhbqfdy
ogbomr.zigdodfvibhzfnip

Uidqiigbdyibixiumaqhbogjb .hdbavimbdyibnfddnibsizfgfgibgahi,bdyibnfgibas
qyfcybqohbohbjinfcodibogjbsfgibohbfdbqohblahhfunibdabui,bdyibielmihhfag
jiiligijbfdhinsbohbhyibdaakbyimbhiodbdya.ryds.nnxbfgbdyibcyofmbuxbqyfcy
hyibyojbyfdyimdabmizofgijbhdogjfgrpbYibqodcyijbyimbohbhyibz.hij,bogjbdyi
zazigdbhyibmofhijbyimbixihborofg,bqigdbag:

“Fgbxa.mbojaldijbca.gdmx,bFblmih.zi,bFbcoggadbjabuiddimbdyogbojjmihhbxa.
ohbobxa.grbIgrnfhybnojx,bZfhhbZogiddi?”

“Fsbxa.blniohi,bhfmp”

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bFbozbobzogbasbu.hfgihhpbFbyovibobu.hfgihhbcyomribda
ocw.fdbzxhinsbaspbFgbxa.mbmicildfagbasbfd,bjag'dbyiijbzibogxbzamibdyog
fsbFbqohbobhliokfgrbzocyfgi--dm.nx,bFbozbgadbz.cybinhipbFbqfnn,bqfdy
xa.mbniovi,bminodibdabxa.,bzfhh,bdyibhdamxbasbagibasba.mbc.hdazimhp”

“Hdamx!”

Yibhiizijbqfns.nnxbdabzfhdokibdyibqamjbhyibyojbmiliodij,bqyigbyibojjij,
fgboby.mmx,b“Xih,bc.hdazimh;bfgbdyibuogkfgrbu.hfgihhbqib.h.onnxbconn
a.mbcaggicdfagba.mbc.hdazimhpbYibqohbobSmigcybrigdnizog;bobhcfigdfsfc
rigdnizog;bobzogbasbrmiodbocw.fmizigdh--obJacdamp”

“GadbasbUio.vofh?”

“Qyx,bxih,basbUio.vofhpbNfkibZaghfi.mbZogiddi,bxa.mbsodyim,bdyi
rigdnizogbqohbasbUio.vofhpbNfkibZaghfi.mbZogiddi,bxa.mbsodyim,bdyi
rigdnizogbqohbasbmil.dibfgbLomfhpbFbyojbdyibyaga.mbasbkgaqfgrbyfzbdyimip
A.mbminodfaghbqimibu.hfgihhbminodfagh,bu.dbcagsfjigdfonpbFbqohbodbdyod
dfzibfgba.mbSmigcybYa.hi,bogjbyojbuiig--ay!bdqigdxbxiomhp”

“Odbdyodbdfzi--Fbzoxbohk,bodbqyodbdfzi,bhfm?”

“Fbhliok,bzfhh,basbdqigdxbxiomhborapbYibzommfij--ogbIgrnfhybnojx--ogj
Fbqohbagibasbdyibdm.hdiihpbYfhbossofmh,bnfkibdyibossofmhbasbzogxbadyim
SmigcybrigdnizigbogjbSmigcybsozfnfih,bqimibigdfminxbfgbDinnhag'hbyogjhp
FgbobhfzfnombqoxbFboz,bambFbyovibuiig,bdm.hdiibasbagibkfgjbambadyimbsam
hcamihbasba.mbc.hdazimhpbDyihibomibzimibu.hfgihhbminodfagh,bzfhh;
dyimibfhbgabsmfigjhyflbfgbdyiz,bgablomdfc.nombfgdimihd,bgadyfgrbnfki
higdfzigdpbFbyoviblohhijbsmazbagibdabogadyim,bfgbdyibca.mhibasbzx
u.hfgihhbnfsi,b .hdbohbFblohhbsmazbagibasba.mbc.hdazimhbdabogadyimbfg
dyibca.mhibasbzxbu.hfgihhbjox;bfgbhyamd,bFbyovibgabsiinfgrh;bFbozbobzimi
zocyfgipbDabrabag--”

“U.dbdyfhbfhbzxbsodyim'hbhdamx,bhfm;bogjbFbuirfgbdabdyfgk”--dyi
c.mfa.hnxbma.ryigijbsamiyiojbqohbvimxbfgdigdb.lagbyfz--“dyodbqyigbFbqoh
nisdbogbamlyogbdyma.rybzxbzadyim'hbh.mvfvfgrbzxbsodyimbagnxbdqabxiomh,
fdbqohbxa.bqyabuma.rydbzibdabIgrnogjpbFbozbonzahdbh.mibfdbqohbxa.p”

ZmpbNammxbdaakbdyibyihfdodfgrbnfddnibyogjbdyodbcagsfjfgrnxbojvogcij
dabdokibyfh,bogjbyibl.dbfdbqfdybhazibcimizagxbdabyfhbnflhpbYibdyig
cagj.cdijbdyibxa.grbnojxbhdmofrydqoxbdabyimbcyofmborofg,bogj,byanjfgr
dyibcyofm-uockbqfdybyfhbnisdbyogj,bogjb.hfgrbyfhbmfrydbuxbd.mghbdabm.u
yfhbcyfg,bl.nnbyfhbqfrbodbdyibiomh,bamblafgdbqyodbyibhofj,bhdaajbnaakfgr
jaqgbfgdabyimbsocibqyfnibhyibhodbnaakfgrb.lbfgdabyfhp

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bfdb_qoh_bFpbOgjbxa.bqfnnbhiibyaqbdm.nxbFbhlakibasbzxhins
 .hdbgaq,bfgbhoxfgrbFbyojbgabsiinfgrh,bogjbdyodbonnbdyibminodfaghbFbyanj
qfdybzxbsinnaq-cmiod.mihbomibzimibu.hfgihhbminodfagh,bqyigbxa.bmisnicd
dyodbFbyovibgivimbhiigbxa.bhfgcipbGa;bxa.byovibuiigbdyibqomjbas
Dinnhag'hbYa.hibhfgci,bogjbFbyovibuiigbu.hxbqfdybdyibadyimbu.hfgihhbas
Dinnhag'hbYa.hibhfgcipbSiinfgrh!bFbyovibgabdfzibsambdyiz,bgabcyogci
asbdyizpbFblohhbzxbqyanibnfsi,bzfhh,bfgbd.mgfgrbogbfzzighiblic.gfomx
Zogrnip”

Osdimbdyfhbajjbjihcmfldfagbasbyfhbjofnxbma.dfgibasbizlnaxzigd,bZmpbNammx
snoddigijbyfhbsnoeigbqfrb.lagbyfhbyiojbqfdybuadybyogjhb(qyfcybqohbzahd
.ggicihhomx,bsambgadyfgrbca.njbuibsnoddimbdyogbfdhbhyfgfgrbh.msocibqoh
uisami),bogjbmih.zijbyfhbsamzimboddfd.jip

“Habsom,bzfhhb(ohbxa.byovibmizomkij),bdyfhbfhbdyibhdamxbasbxa.m
mirmiddijbsodyimpbGaqbcazihbdyibjfssimigcipbFsbxa.mbsodyimbyojbgadbjfij
qyigbyibjfj--Jag'dbuibsmfrydigij!bYaqbxa.bhdomd!”

Hyibjfj,bfgjiij,bhdomdpbOgjbhyibco.rydbyfhbqmfhdbqfdybuadybyimbyogjhp

“Lmox,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bfgbobhaadyfgrbdagi,bumfgrfgrbyfhbnisdbyogjbsmaz
dyibuockbasbdyibcyofmbdabnoxbfdbagbdyibh.llnfcodamxbsfgrimhbdyodbcnohlij
yfzbfgbhabvfanigdbobdmizuni:b“lmoxbcagdmanbxa.mborfdodfag--obzoddimbas
u.hfgihhpbOhbFbqohbhoxfgr--”

Yimbnaakbhabjfhcazlahijbyfzbdyodbyibhdallij,bqogjimij,bogjbuirogbogiq:

“OhbFbqohbhoxfgr;bfsbZaghfi.mbZogiddibyojbgadbjfij;bfsbyibyojbh.jjignx
ogjbhfnigdnxbjfholliomij;bfsbyibyojbuiigbhlfmfdijboqox;bfsbfdbyojbgad
uiigbjfssfc.ndbdabr.ihhbdabqyodbjmiojs.nblnoci,bdya.rybgabomdbca.nj
dmocibyfz;bfsbyibyojbogbigizxbfgbhazibcazlodmfadbqyabca.njbieimcfhibo
lmfvfniribdyodbFbfgbzxbaqgbdfzibyovibkgaqgbdyibuanjihdblialnibosmofj
dabhliokbasbfgbobqyfhlim,bocmahhbdyibqodimbdyimi;bsambfghdogci,bdyi
lmfvfniribasbsfnnfgrb.lbunogkbsamzhbsambdyibcaghfrgzigdbasbogxbagi
dabdyibaunfvfagbasboblmfhagbsambogxbnigrdybasbdfzi;bfsbyfhbqfsibyoj
fzlnamijbdyibkfgr,bdyibw.iig,bdyibca.md,bdyibcnimrx,bsambogxbdfjfgrhbas
yfz,bogjbonnbw.fdibfgbvofg;--dyigbdyibyfhdamxbasbxa.mbsodyimbqa.njbyovi
uiigbdyibyfhdamxbasbdyfhb.gsamd.godibrigdnizog,bdyibJacdambasbUio.vofhp”

“Fbigdmiodbxa.bdabdinnbzibzami,bhfmp”

“FbqfnnpbFbozbrafgrbdapbXa.bcogbuiombfd?”

“Fbcogbuiombogxdyfgrbu.dbdyib.gcimdofgdxbxa.bniovibzibfgbodbdyfh
zazigdp”

“Xa.bhliokbcannicdijnx,bogjbxa.--_omi_bcannicdijpbDyod'hbraaj!”b(Dya.ry
yfhbzoggimbqohbnihhbhodfhsfijbdyogbyfhbqamjhp)b“Obzoddimbasbu.hfgihhp
Miromjbfdbohbobzoddimbasbu.hfgihh--u.hfgihhbdyodbz.hdbuibjagipbGaq
fsbdyfhbjacdam'hbqfsi,bdya.rybobnojxbasbrmiodbca.moribogjbhlfmfd,
yojbh.ssimijbhabfgdighinxbsmazbdyfhbco.hibuisamibyimbnfddnibcyfnjbqoh
uamg--”

“Dyibnfddnibcyfnjbqohbobjo.rydim,bhfmp”

“Objo.rydimpbO-o-zoddimbasbu.hfgihh--jag'dbuibjfhdmihhijpbZfhh,bfsbdyi
laambnojxbyojbh.ssimijbhabfgdighinxbuisamibyimbnfddnibcyfnjbqohbuamg,
dyodbhyibcozibdabdyibjidimzfgodfagbasbhlomfgrbdyiblaambcyfnjbdyi
fgyimfdogcibasbogxblomdbasbdyiboragxbhyibyojbkgaqgbdyiblofghbas,bux
miomfgrbyimbfgbdyibuinfisbdyodbyimbsodyimbqohbjioj--Ga,bjag'dbkgiin!bFg
Yiovig'hbgozibqyxbhya.njbxa.bkgiinbdabzi!”

“Sambdyibdm.dypbAbjiom,braaj,bcazlohhfagodibhfm,bsambdyibdm.dy!”

“O--obzoddimbasbu.hfgihhpbXa.bcags.hibzi,bogjbyaqbcogbFbdmoghocd
u.hfgihhbfsbFbozbcags.hij?bNidb.hbuibcniom-yiojijpbFsbxa.bca.njbkfgjnx
zigdfagbgaq,bsambfghdogci,bqyodbgfgibdfzihbgfgiligcibomi,bambyaqbzogx
hyfnnfgrhbfgbdqigdxbr.fgioh,bfdbqa.njbuibhabigca.morfgrpbFbhya.njbuibha
z.cybzamibodbzxbiohiboua.dbxa.mbhdodibasbzfgjp”

Qfdya.dbjfmicdnxboghqimfgrbdabdyfhbollion,bhyibhodbhabhdfnnbqyigbyibyoj
vimxbrigdnxbmofhijbyim,bogjbdyibyogjhbdyodbyojbgadbciohijbdabcnohl
yfhbqmfhdhbqimibhabz.cybzamibhdiojxbdyogbdyixbyojbuiig,bdyodbhyi
cazz.gfcodijbhazibmiohh.mogcibdabZmpb omvfhbNammxp

“Dyod'hbmfryd,bdyod'hbmfrydpbCa.mori!bU.hfgihh!bXa.byovibu.hfgihhbuisami
xa.;b.his.nbu.hfgihhpbZfhhbZogiddi,bxa.mbzadyimbdaakbdyfhbca.mhibqfdy
xa.pbOgjbqyigbhyibjfij--Fbuinfivibumakig-yiomdij--yovfgrbgivimbhnockigij
yimb.govofnfgrbhiomcybsambxa.mbsodyim,bhyibnisdbxa.,bodbdqabxiomhbanj,
dabrmaqbdabuibunaazfgr,buio.dfs.n,bogjbyollx,bqfdya.dbdyibjomkbcna.j
.lagbxa.basbnfvfgrbfgb.gcimdofgdxbqyidyimbxa.mbsodyimbhaagbqamibyfh
yiomdba.dbfgblmfhag,bambqohdijbdyimibdyma.rybzogxbnfgrimfgrbxiomhp”

Ohbyibhofjbdyibqamjhbyibnaakijbjaqg,bqfdybogbojzfmfgrblfdx,bagbdyi
snaqfgrbranjigbyofm;bohbfsbyiblfcd.mijbdabyfzhinsbdyodbfdbzfrydbyovi
uiigbonmiojxbdfgrijbqfdybrmixp

“Xa.bkgaqbdyodbxa.mblomigdhbyojbgabrmiodblahhihhfag,bogjbdyodbqyod
dyixbyojbqohbhic.mijbdabxa.mbzadyimbogjbdabxa.pbDyimibyohbuiigbgabgiq
jfhcavimx,basbzagix,bambasbogxbadyimblmalimdx;bu.d--”

Yibsindbyfhbqmfhdbyinjbcnahim,bogjbyibhdallijpbDyibielmihhfagbfgbdyi
samiyioj,bqyfcybyojbhablomdfc.nomnxboddmocdijbyfhbgadfci,bogjbqyfcybqoh
gaqbfzzavouni,byojbjiiligijbfgdabagibasblofgbogjbyammamp

“U.dbyibyohbuiig--uiigbsa.gjpbYibfhbonfvipbRmiodnxbcyogrij,bfdbfhbdaa
lmauouni;bonzahdbobqmick,bfdbfhblahhfuni;bdya.rybqibqfnnbyalibdyibuihdp
Hdfnn,bonfvipbXa.mbsodyimbyohbuiigbdokigbdabdyibya.hibasbogbanjbhimvogd
fgbLomfh,bogjbqibomibrafgrbdyimi:bF,bdabfjigdfsxbyfzbfsbFbcog:bxa.,bda
mihdamibyfzbdabnfsi,bnavi,bj.dx,bmihd,bcazsamdp”

Obhyfvimbmogbdyma.rybyimbsmozi,bogjbsmazbfdbdyma.rybyfhpbHyibhofj,bfgbo
naq,bjfhdfgcd,boqi-hdmfckigbvafci,bohbfsbhyibqimibhoxfgrbfdbfgbobjmioz,

“FbozbrafgrbdabhiibyfhbRyahd!bFdbqfnnbuibyfhbRyahd--gadbyfz!”

ZmpbNammxbw.fidnxbcyosijbdyibyogjhbdyodbyinjbyfhbomzpb“Dyimi,bdyimi,
dyimi!bHiibgaq,bhiibgaq!bDyibuihdbogjbdyibqamhdbomibkgaqgbdabxa.,bgaqp
Xa.bomibqinnbagbxa.mbqoxbdabdyiblaambqmagrijbrigdnizog,bogj,bqfdybobsofm
hiobvaxori,bogjbobsofmbnogjb a.mgix,bxa.bqfnnbuibhaagbodbyfhbjiombhfjip”

Hyibmiliodijbfgbdyibhozibdagi,bh.gkbdabobqyfhlim,b“Fbyovibuiigbsmii,bF
yovibuiigbyollx,bxidbyfhbRyahdbyohbgivimbyo.gdijbzi!”

“Agnxbagibdyfgrbzami,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bnoxfgrbhdmihhb.lagbfdbohbo
qyanihazibzioghbasbigsamcfgrbyimboddigdfag:b“yibyohbuiigbsa.gjb.gjim
ogadyimbgozi;byfhbaqg,bnagrbsamraddigbambnagrbcagcionijpbFdbqa.njbui
qamhibdyogb.hinihhbgaqbdabfgw.fmibqyfcy;bqamhibdyogb.hinihhbdabhiikbda
kgaqbqyidyimbyibyohbuiigbsambxiomhbavimnaakij,bambonqoxhbjihfrgijnx
yinjblmfhagimpbFdbqa.njbuibqamhibdyogb.hinihhbgaqbdabzokibogxbfgw.fmfih,
uico.hibfdbqa.njbuibjogrima.hpbUiddimbgadbdabzigdfagbdyibh.u icd,
ogxqyimibambfgbogxbqox,bogjbdabmizavibyfz--sambobqyfnibodbonn
ivigdh--a.dbasbSmogcipbIvigbF,bhosibohbogbIgrnfhyzog,bogjbivig
Dinnhag'h,bfzlamdogdbohbdyixbomibdabSmigcybcmijfd,bovafjbonnbgozfgrbas
dyibzoddimpbFbcommxboua.dbzi,bgadbobhcmolbasbqmfdfgrbalignxbmisimmfgr
dabfdpbDyfhbfhbobhicmidbhimvfcibondaridyimpbZxbcmijigdfonh,bigdmfih,
ogjbzizamogjo,bomibonnbcazlmiyigjijbfgbdyibagibnfgi,b'MiconnijbdabNfsi;'
qyfcybzoxbziogbogxdyfgrpbU.dbqyodbfhbdyibzoddim!bHyibjaihg'dbgadfcibo
qamj!bZfhhbZogiddi!”

Limsicdnxbhdfnnbogjbhfnigd,bogjbgadbivigbsonnigbuockbfgbyimbcyofm,bhyi
hodb.gjimbyfhbyogj,b.ddimnxbfghighfuni;bqfdybyimbixihbaligbogjbsfeij
.lagbyfz,bogjbqfdybdyodbnohdbielmihhfagbnaakfgrbohbfsbfdbqimibcomvijbam
umogjijbfgdabyimbsamiyiojpbHabcnahibqohbyimbyanjb.lagbyfhbomz,bdyodbyi
siomijbdabjidocybyfzhinsbnihdbyibhya.njby.mdbyim;bdyimisamibyibconnij
a.dbna.jnxbsambohhfhdogcibqfdya.dbzavfgrp

Obqfnj-naakfgrbqazog,bqyazbivigbfgbyfhborfdodfag,bZmpbNammxbauhimvijbda
uibonnbasbobmijbcana.m,bogjbdabyovibmijbyofm,bogjbdabuibjmihhijbfgbhazi
iedmoamjfgomxbdfryd-sfddfgrbsohyfag,bogjbdabyovibagbyimbyiojbobzahd
qagjims.nbuaggidbnfkibobRmigojfimbqaajigbzioh.mi,bogjbraajbzioh.mibdaa,
ambobrmiodbHdfndagbcyiihi,bcozibm.ggfgrbfgdabdyibmaazbfgbojvogcibasbdyi
fggbhimvogdh,bogjbhaagbhiddnijbdyibw.ihdfagbasbyfhbjidocyzigdbsmazbdyi
laambxa.grbnojx,buxbnoxfgrbobumoqgxbyogjb.lagbyfhbcyihd,bogjbhigjfgrbyfz
snxfgrbuockborofghdbdyibgiomihdbqonnp

(“Fbmionnxbdyfgkbdyfhbz.hdbuibobzog!”bqohbZmpbNammx'hbumiodynihh
misnicdfag,bhfz.ndogia.hnxbqfdybyfhbcazfgrborofghdbdyibqonnp)

“Qyx,bnaakbodbxa.bonn!”buoqnijbdyfhbsfr.mi,bojjmihhfgrbdyibfggbhimvogdhp
“Qyxbjag'dbxa.brabogjbsidcybdyfgrh,bfghdiojbasbhdogjfgrbdyimibhdomfgr
odbzi?bFbozbgadbhabz.cybdabnaakbod,bozbF?bQyxbjag'dbxa.brabogjbsidcy
dyfgrh?bF'nnbnidbxa.bkgaq,bfsbxa.bjag'dbumfgrbhzinnfgr-hondh,bcanj
qodim,bogjbvfgirom,bw.fck,bFbqfnnp”

Dyimibqohbogbfzzijfodibjfhlimhonbsambdyihibmihdamodfvih,bogjbhyi
hasdnxbnofjbdyiblodfigdbagbobhaso,bogjbdigjijbyimbqfdybrmiodbhkfnnbogj
rigdnigihh:bconnfgrbyimb“zxblmicfa.h!”bogjb“zxbufmj!”bogjbhlmiojfgrbyim
ranjigbyofmbohfjibavimbyimbhya.njimhbqfdybrmiodblmfjibogjbcomip

“Ogjbxa.bfgbumaqg!”bhyibhofj,bfgjfrgogdnxbd.mgfgrbdabZmpbNammx;
“ca.njg'dbxa.bdinnbyimbqyodbxa.byojbdabdinnbyim,bqfdya.dbsmfrydigfgrbyim
dabjiody?bNaakbodbyim,bqfdybyimblmiddxblonibsocibogjbyimbcanjbyogjhpbJa
xa.bconnb_dyod_buifgrbobUogkim?”

ZmpbNammxbqohbhabieciijfgrnxbjfhcagcimdijbuxbobw.ihdfagbhabyomjbda
oghqim,bdyodbyibca.njbagnxbnaakbag,bodbobjfhdogci,bqfdybz.cybsiiunim
hxzlodyxbogjby.zfnfdx,bqyfnibdyibhdmagrbqazog,byovfgrbuogfhyijbdyibfgg
himvogdhb.gjimbdyibzxhdimfa.hbligondxbasb“niddfgrbdyizbkgaq”bhazidyfgr
gadbzigdfagijbfsbdyixbhdoxijbdyimi,bhdomfgr,bmicavimijbyimbcyomribuxbo
mir.nombhimfihbasbrmojodfagh,bogjbcaoeijbyimbdabnoxbyimbjmaalfgrbyioj
.lagbyimbhya.njimp

“Fbyalibhyibqfnnbjabqinnbgaq,”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Gabdyogkhbdabxa.bfgbumaqg,bfsbhyibjaihpbZxbjomnfgrblmiddx!”

“Fbyali,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bosdimbogadyimblo.hibasbsiiunibhxzlodyxbogj
y.zfnfdx,b“dyodbxa.boccazlogxbZfhhbZogiddibdabSmogci?”

“Obnfkinxbdyfgr,bdaa!”bmilnfijbdyibhdmagrbqazogpb“Fsbfdbqohbivim
fgdigjijbdyodbFbhya.njbrabocmahhbhondbqodim,bjabxa.bh.llahibLmavfjigci
qa.njbyovibcohdbzxbnadbfgbogbfhnogj?”

Dyfhbuifgrbogadyimbw.ihdfagbyomjbdaboghqim,bZmpb omvfhbNammxbqfdyjmiqbda
caghfjimbfdp




VpbDyibQfgi-hyal


Obnomribcohkbasbqfgibyojbuiigbjmallijbogjbumakig,bfgbdyibhdmiidpbDyi
occfjigdbyojbyolligijbfgbriddfgrbfdba.dbasbobcomd;bdyibcohkbyojbd.zunij
a.dbqfdybobm.g,bdyibyaalhbyojbu.mhd,bogjbfdbnoxbagbdyibhdagihb .hd
a.dhfjibdyibjaambasbdyibqfgi-hyal,bhyoddimijbnfkibobqong.d-hyinnp

Onnbdyiblialnibqfdyfgbmiocybyojbh.hligjijbdyifmbu.hfgihh,bambdyifm
fjnigihh,bdabm.gbdabdyibhladbogjbjmfgkbdyibqfgipbDyibma.ry,bfmmir.nom
hdagihbasbdyibhdmiid,blafgdfgrbivimxbqox,bogjbjihfrgij,bagibzfrydbyovi
dya.ryd,bielmihhnxbdabnozibonnbnfvfgrbcmiod.mihbdyodbollmaocyijbdyiz,
yojbjozzijbfdbfgdabnfddniblaanh;bdyihibqimibh.mma.gjij,biocybuxbfdhbaqg
 ahdnfgrbrma.lbambcmaqj,boccamjfgrbdabfdhbhftipbHazibzigbkgiinijbjaqg,
zojibhcaalhbasbdyifmbdqabyogjhb afgij,bogjbhfllij,bambdmfijbdabyinl
qazig,bqyabuigdbavimbdyifmbhya.njimh,bdabhfl,buisamibdyibqfgibyojbonn
m.gba.dbuidqiigbdyifmbsfgrimhpbAdyimh,bzigbogjbqazig,bjfllijbfg
dyibl.jjnihbqfdybnfddnibz.rhbasbz.dfnodijbiomdyigqomi,bambivigbqfdy
yogjkimcyfishbsmazbqazig'hbyiojh,bqyfcybqimibhw.iitijbjmxbfgdabfgsogdh'
za.dyh;badyimhbzojibhzonnbz.j-izuogkzigdh,bdabhdizbdyibqfgibohbfdbmog;
adyimh,bjfmicdijbuxbnaakimh-agb.lbodbyfrybqfgjaqh,bjomdijbyimibogj
dyimi,bdabc.dbassbnfddnibhdmiozhbasbqfgibdyodbhdomdijboqoxbfgbgiq
jfmicdfagh;badyimhbjivadijbdyizhinvihbdabdyibhajjigbogjbnii-jxij
lficihbasbdyibcohk,bnfckfgr,bogjbivigbcyozlfgrbdyibzafhdimbqfgi-maddij
smorzigdhbqfdybiorimbminfhypbDyimibqohbgabjmofgoribdabcommxbassbdyi
qfgi,bogjbgadbagnxbjfjbfdbonnbridbdokigb.l,bu.dbhabz.cybz.jbradbdokigb.l
onagrbqfdybfd,bdyodbdyimibzfrydbyovibuiigbobhcovigrimbfgbdyibhdmiid,
fsbogxuajxbocw.ofgdijbqfdybfdbca.njbyovibuinfivijbfgbh.cybobzfmoc.na.h
lmihigcip

Obhymfnnbha.gjbasbno.rydimbogjbasboz.hijbvafcih--vafcihbasbzig,bqazig,
ogjbcyfnjmig--miha.gjijbfgbdyibhdmiidbqyfnibdyfhbqfgibrozibnohdijpbDyimi
qohbnfddnibma.rygihhbfgbdyibhlamd,bogjbz.cyblnoxs.ngihhpbDyimibqohbo
hlicfonbcazlogfaghyflbfgbfd,bogbauhimvounibfgcnfgodfagbagbdyiblomd
asbivimxbagibdab afgbhazibadyimbagi,bqyfcybnij,bihlicfonnxbozagrbdyi
n.ckfimbambnfrydim-yiomdij,bdabsmanfchazibizumocih,bjmfgkfgrbasbyiondyh,
hyokfgrbasbyogjh,bogjbivigb afgfgrbasbyogjhbogjbjogcfgr,bobjatig
daridyimpbQyigbdyibqfgibqohbragi,bogjbdyiblnocihbqyimibfdbyojbuiig
zahdbou.gjogdbqimibmokijbfgdabobrmfjfmag-loddimgbuxbsfgrimh,bdyihi
jizaghdmodfaghbciohij,bohbh.jjignxbohbdyixbyojbumakigba.dpbDyibzogbqya
yojbnisdbyfhbhoqbhdfckfgrbfgbdyibsfmiqaajbyibqohbc.ddfgr,bhidbfdbfg
zadfagborofg;bdyibqazigbqyabyojbnisdbagbobjaam-hdilbdyibnfddnibladbas
yadbohyih,bodbqyfcybhyibyojbuiigbdmxfgrbdabhasdigbdyiblofgbfgbyimbaqg
hdomvijbsfgrimhbogjbdaih,bambfgbdyahibasbyimbcyfnj,bmid.mgijbdabfd;bzig
qfdybuomibomzh,bzoddijbnackh,bogjbcojovima.hbsocih,bqyabyojbizimrijbfgda
dyibqfgdimbnfrydbsmazbcinnomh,bzavijboqox,bdabjihcigjborofg;bogjbobrnaaz
rodyimijbagbdyibhcigibdyodbolliomijbzamibgod.monbdabfdbdyogbh.ghyfgip

Dyibqfgibqohbmijbqfgi,bogjbyojbhdofgijbdyibrma.gjbasbdyibgommaqbhdmiid
fgbdyibh.u.mubasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bfgbLomfh,bqyimibfdbqohbhlfnnijpbFdbyoj
hdofgijbzogxbyogjh,bdaa,bogjbzogxbsocih,bogjbzogxbgokijbsiid,bogjbzogx
qaajigbhyaihpbDyibyogjhbasbdyibzogbqyabhoqijbdyibqaaj,bnisdbmijbzomkh
agbdyibufnnidh;bogjbdyibsamiyiojbasbdyibqazogbqyabg.mhijbyimbuoux,bqoh
hdofgijbqfdybdyibhdofgbasbdyibanjbmorbhyibqa.gjboua.dbyimbyiojborofgp
Dyahibqyabyojbuiigbrmiijxbqfdybdyibhdovihbasbdyibcohk,byojbocw.fmijbo
dfrimfhybhziomboua.dbdyibza.dy;bogjbagibdonnb akimbhabuihzfmcyij,byfh
yiojbzamiba.dbasbobnagrbhw.onfjbuorbasbobgfrydcolbdyogbfgbfd,bhcmoqnij
.lagbobqonnbqfdybyfhbsfgrimbjfllijbfgbz.jjxbqfgi-niih--UNAAJp

Dyibdfzibqohbdabcazi,bqyigbdyodbqfgibdaabqa.njbuibhlfnnijbagbdyi
hdmiid-hdagih,bogjbqyigbdyibhdofgbasbfdbqa.njbuibmijb.lagbzogxbdyimip

Ogjbgaqbdyodbdyibcna.jbhiddnijbagbHofgdbOgdafgi,bqyfcybobzazigdomx
rniozbyojbjmfvigbsmazbyfhbhocmijbca.gdigogci,bdyibjomkgihhbasbfdbqoh
yiovx--canj,bjfmd,bhfckgihh,bfrgamogci,bogjbqogd,bqimibdyibnamjhbfg
qofdfgrbagbdyibhofgdnxblmihigci--gaunihbasbrmiodblaqimbonnbasbdyiz;
u.d,bzahdbihlicfonnxbdyibnohdpbHozlnihbasboblialnibdyodbyojb.gjimragibo
dimmfunibrmfgjfgrbogjbmirmfgjfgrbfgbdyibzfnn,bogjbcimdofgnxbgadbfgbdyi
sou.na.hbzfnnbqyfcybrma.gjbanjblialnibxa.gr,bhyfvimijbodbivimxbcamgim,
lohhijbfgbogjba.dbodbivimxbjaamqox,bnaakijbsmazbivimxbqfgjaq,bsn.ddimij
fgbivimxbvihdfribasbobromzigdbdyodbdyibqfgjbhyaakpbDyibzfnnbqyfcy
yojbqamkijbdyizbjaqg,bqohbdyibzfnnbdyodbrmfgjhbxa.grblialnibanj;bdyi
cyfnjmigbyojbogcfigdbsocihbogjbrmovibvafcih;bogjb.lagbdyiz,bogjb.lagbdyi
rmaqgbsocih,bogjblna.ryijbfgdabivimxbs.mmaqbasboribogjbcazfgrb.lbosmihy,
qohbdyibhfry,bY.grimpbFdbqohblmivonigdbivimxqyimipbY.grimbqohbl.hyijba.d
asbdyibdonnbya.hih,bfgbdyibqmidcyijbcnadyfgrbdyodby.grb.lagblanihbogj
nfgih;bY.grimbqohblodcyijbfgdabdyizbqfdybhdmoqbogjbmorbogjbqaajbogj
lolim;bY.grimbqohbmiliodijbfgbivimxbsmorzigdbasbdyibhzonnbzajfc.zbas
sfmiqaajbdyodbdyibzogbhoqijbass;bY.grimbhdomijbjaqgbsmazbdyibhzakinihh
cyfzgixh,bogjbhdomdijb.lbsmazbdyibsfndyxbhdmiidbdyodbyojbgabasson,
ozagrbfdhbmis.hi,basbogxdyfgrbdabiodpbY.grimbqohbdyibfghcmfldfagbagbdyi
uokim'hbhyinvih,bqmfddigbfgbivimxbhzonnbnaosbasbyfhbhcogdxbhdackbas
uojbumioj;bodbdyibho.hori-hyal,bfgbivimxbjioj-jarblmilomodfagbdyod
qohbassimijbsambhonipbY.grimbmoddnijbfdhbjmxbuagihbozagrbdyibmaohdfgr
cyihdg.dhbfgbdyibd.mgijbcxnfgjim;bY.grimbqohbhymijbfgdabodazfchbfgbivimx
somdyfgrblammfgrimbasby.hkxbcyflhbasbladoda,bsmfijbqfdybhazibmin.cdogd
jmalhbasbafnp

FdhboufjfgrblnocibqohbfgbonnbdyfgrhbsfddijbdabfdpbObgommaqbqfgjfgr
hdmiid,bs.nnbasbassigcibogjbhdigcy,bqfdybadyimbgommaqbqfgjfgrbhdmiidh
jfvimrfgr,bonnblialnijbuxbmorhbogjbgfrydcolh,bogjbonnbhzinnfgrbasbmorh
ogjbgfrydcolh,bogjbonnbvfhfunibdyfgrhbqfdybobumaajfgrbnaakb.lagbdyiz
dyodbnaakijbfnnpbFgbdyiby.gdijbofmbasbdyiblialnibdyimibqohbxidbhazi
qfnj-uiohdbdya.rydbasbdyiblahhfufnfdxbasbd.mgfgrbodbuoxpbJilmihhijbogj
hnfgkfgrbdya.rybdyixbqimi,bixihbasbsfmibqimibgadbqogdfgrbozagrbdyiz;bgam
cazlmihhijbnflh,bqyfdibqfdybqyodbdyixbh.llmihhij;bgambsamiyiojhbkgfddij
fgdabdyibnfkigihhbasbdyibronnaqh-malibdyixbz.hijboua.dbigj.mfgr,bam
fgsnfcdfgrpbDyibdmojibhfrghb(ogjbdyixbqimibonzahdbohbzogxbohbdyibhyalh)
qimi,bonn,brmfzbfnn.hdmodfaghbasbQogdpbDyibu.dcyimbogjbdyiblamkzog
lofgdijb.l,bagnxbdyibniogihdbhcmorhbasbziod;bdyibuokim,bdyibcaomhihdbas
ziormibnaovihpbDyiblialnibm.jinxblfcd.mijbohbjmfgkfgrbfgbdyibqfgi-hyalh,
cmaokijbavimbdyifmbhcogdxbzioh.mihbasbdyfgbqfgibogjbuiim,bogjbqimi
rnaqimfgrnxbcagsfjigdfonbdaridyimpbGadyfgrbqohbmilmihigdijbfgbo
sna.mfhyfgrbcagjfdfag,bhovibdaanhbogjbqiolagh;bu.d,bdyibc.dnim'hbkgfvih
ogjboeihbqimibhyomlbogjbumfryd,bdyibhzfdy'hbyozzimhbqimibyiovx,bogjbdyi
r.gzokim'hbhdackbqohbz.mjima.hpbDyibcmfllnfgrbhdagihbasbdyiblovizigd,
qfdybdyifmbzogxbnfddnibmihimvafmhbasbz.jbogjbqodim,byojbgabsaadqoxh,bu.d
umakibassboum.ldnxbodbdyibjaamhpbDyibkiggin,bdabzokibozigjh,bmogbjaqg
dyibzfjjnibasbdyibhdmiid--qyigbfdbmogbodbonn:bqyfcybqohbagnxbosdimbyiovx
mofgh,bogjbdyigbfdbmog,buxbzogxbiccigdmfcbsfdh,bfgdabdyibya.hihpbOcmahh
dyibhdmiidh,bodbqfjibfgdimvonh,bagibcn.zhxbnozlbqohbhn.grbuxbobmalibogj
l.nnix;bodbgfryd,bqyigbdyibnozlnfrydimbyojbnidbdyihibjaqg,bogjbnfrydij,
ogjbyafhdijbdyizborofg,bobsiiunibrmavibasbjfzbqfckhbhq.grbfgbobhfcknx
zoggimbavimyioj,bohbfsbdyixbqimibodbhiopbFgjiijbdyixbqimibodbhio,bogj
dyibhyflbogjbcmiqbqimibfgblimfnbasbdizlihdp

Sam,bdyibdfzibqohbdabcazi,bqyigbdyibro.gdbhcomicmaqhbasbdyodbmirfag
hya.njbyovibqodcyijbdyibnozlnfrydim,bfgbdyifmbfjnigihhbogjby.grim,bha
nagr,bohbdabcagcifvibdyibfjiobasbfzlmavfgrbagbyfhbzidyaj,bogjbyo.nfgr
.lbzigbuxbdyahibmalihbogjbl.nnixh,bdabsnomib.lagbdyibjomkgihhbasbdyifm
cagjfdfagpbU.d,bdyibdfzibqohbgadbcazibxid;bogjbivimxbqfgjbdyodbuniqbavim
Smogcibhyaakbdyibmorhbasbdyibhcomicmaqhbfgbvofg,bsambdyibufmjh,bsfgibas
hagrbogjbsiodyim,bdaakbgabqomgfgrp

Dyibqfgi-hyalbqohbobcamgimbhyal,buiddimbdyogbzahdbadyimhbfgbfdh
olliomogcibogjbjirmii,bogjbdyibzohdimbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbyojbhdaajba.dhfji
fd,bfgbobxinnaqbqofhdcaodbogjbrmiigbumiicyih,bnaakfgrbagbodbdyibhdm.rrni
sambdyibnahdbqfgipb“Fd'hbgadbzxbossofm,”bhofjbyi,bqfdybobsfgonbhym.r
asbdyibhya.njimhpb“DyiblialnibsmazbdyibzomkidbjfjbfdpbNidbdyizbumfgr
ogadyimp”

Dyimi,byfhbixihbyolligfgrbdabcodcybdyibdonnb akimbqmfdfgrb.lbyfhb aki,
yibconnijbdabyfzbocmahhbdyibqox:

“Hox,bdyig,bzxbRohlomj,bqyodbjabxa.bjabdyimi?”

Dyibsinnaqblafgdijbdabyfhb akibqfdybfzzighibhfrgfsfcogci,bohbfhbasdig
dyibqoxbqfdybyfhbdmfuipbFdbzfhhijbfdhbzomk,bogjbcazlnidinxbsofnij,bohbfh
asdigbdyibqoxbqfdybyfhbdmfuibdaap

“Qyodbgaq?bOmibxa.bobh.u icdbsambdyibzojbyahlfdon?”bhofjbdyibqfgi-hyal
kiilim,bcmahhfgrbdyibmaoj,bogjbaunfdimodfgrbdyib ihdbqfdybobyogjs.nbas
z.j,blfckijb.lbsambdyibl.mlahi,bogjbhziomijbavimbfdpb“Qyxbjabxa.bqmfdi
fgbdyibl.unfcbhdmiidh?bFhbdyimi--dinnbzibdya.--fhbdyimibgabadyimblnoci
dabqmfdibh.cybqamjhbfg?”

Fgbyfhbielahd.nodfagbyibjmallijbyfhbcniogimbyogjb(limyolhboccfjigdonnx,
limyolhbgad)b.lagbdyib akim'hbyiomdpbDyib akimbmollijbfdbqfdybyfh
aqg,bdaakbobgfzunibhlmfgrb.lqomj,bogjbcozibjaqgbfgbobsogdohdfcbjogcfgr
oddfd.ji,bqfdybagibasbyfhbhdofgijbhyaihb imkijbassbyfhbsaadbfgdabyfh
yogj,bogjbyinjba.dpbOb akimbasbogbiedmizinx,bgadbdabhoxbqansfhynx
lmocdfconbcyomocdim,byibnaakij,b.gjimbdyahibcfmc.zhdogcihp

“L.dbfdbag,bl.dbfdbag,”bhofjbdyibadyimpb“Connbqfgi,bqfgi;bogjbsfgfhy
dyimip”bQfdybdyodbojvfci,byibqflijbyfhbhafnijbyogjb.lagbdyib akim'h
jmihh,bh.cybohbfdbqoh--w.fdibjinfuimodinx,bohbyovfgrbjfmdfijbdyibyogjbag
yfhbocca.gd;bogjbdyigbmicmahhijbdyibmaojbogjbigdimijbdyibqfgi-hyalp

Dyfhbqfgi-hyalbkiilimbqohbobu.nn-gickij,bzomdfon-naakfgrbzogbasbdyfmdx,
ogjbyibhya.njbyovibuiigbasbobyadbdizlimozigd,bsam,bondya.rybfdbqohbo
ufddimbjox,byibqamibgabcaod,bu.dbcommfijbagibhn.grbavimbyfhbhya.njimp
Yfhbhyfmd-hniivihbqimibmannijb.l,bdaa,bogjbyfhbumaqgbomzhbqimibuomibda
dyibinuaqhpbGifdyimbjfjbyibqiombogxdyfgrbzamibagbyfhbyiojbdyogbyfhbaqg
cmfhlnx-c.mnfgrbhyamdbjomkbyofmpbYibqohbobjomkbzogbondaridyim,bqfdybraaj
ixihbogjbobraajbuanjbumiojdybuidqiigbdyizpbRaaj-y.za.mijbnaakfgrbag
dyibqyani,bu.dbfzlnocouni-naakfgr,bdaa;bivfjigdnxbobzogbasbobhdmagr
mihan.dfagbogjbobhidbl.mlahi;bobzogbgadbjihfmounibdabuibzid,bm.hyfgr
jaqgbobgommaqblohhbqfdybobr.nsbagbifdyimbhfji,bsambgadyfgrbqa.njbd.mg
dyibzogp

ZojozibJisomri,byfhbqfsi,bhodbfgbdyibhyalbuiyfgjbdyibca.gdimbohbyi
cozibfgpbZojozibJisomribqohbobhda.dbqazogbasboua.dbyfhbaqgbori,bqfdy
obqodcys.nbixibdyodbhinjazbhiizijbdabnaakbodbogxdyfgr,bobnomribyogj
yiovfnxbmfgrij,bobhdiojxbsoci,bhdmagrbsiod.mih,bogjbrmiodbcazlah.mibas
zoggimpbDyimibqohbobcyomocdimboua.dbZojozibJisomri,bsmazbqyfcybagibzfryd
yoviblmijfcodijbdyodbhyibjfjbgadbasdigbzokibzfhdokihborofghdbyimhins
fgbogxbasbdyibmickagfgrhbavimbqyfcybhyiblmihfjijpbZojozibJisomribuifgr
highfdfvibdabcanj,bqohbqmollijbfgbs.m,bogjbyojbobw.ogdfdxbasbumfryd
hyoqnbdqfgijboua.dbyimbyioj,bdya.rybgadbdabdyibcagcionzigdbasbyimbnomri
iommfgrhpbYimbkgfddfgrbqohbuisamibyim,bu.dbhyibyojbnofjbfdbjaqgbdablfck
yimbdiidybqfdybobdaadylfckpbDy.hbigrorij,bqfdybyimbmfrydbinuaqbh.llamdij
uxbyimbnisdbyogj,bZojozibJisomribhofjbgadyfgrbqyigbyimbnamjbcozibfg,bu.d
ca.ryijb .hdbagibrmofgbasbca.rypbDyfh,bfgbcazufgodfagbqfdybdyibnfsdfgr
asbyimbjomknxbjisfgijbixiumaqhbavimbyimbdaadylfckbuxbdyibumiojdybasbo
nfgi,bh.rrihdijbdabyimby.huogjbdyodbyibqa.njbjabqinnbdabnaakbma.gjbdyi
hyalbozagrbdyibc.hdazimh,bsambogxbgiqbc.hdazimbqyabyojbjmallijbfgbqyfni
yibhdillijbavimbdyibqoxp

Dyibqfgi-hyalbkiilimboccamjfgrnxbmannijbyfhbixihboua.d,b.gdfnbdyix
mihdijb.lagbogbinjimnxbrigdnizogbogjbobxa.grbnojx,bqyabqimibhiodijbfg
obcamgimpbAdyimbcazlogxbqimibdyimi:bdqablnoxfgrbcomjh,bdqablnoxfgr
jazfgaih,bdymiibhdogjfgrbuxbdyibca.gdimbnigrdyigfgrba.dbobhyamdbh.llnx
asbqfgipbOhbyiblohhijbuiyfgjbdyibca.gdim,byibdaakbgadfcibdyodbdyi
injimnxbrigdnizogbhofjbfgbobnaakbdabdyibxa.grbnojx,b“Dyfhbfhba.mbzogp”

“Qyodbdyibjivfnbjab_xa._bjabfgbdyodbronnixbdyimi?”bhofjbZaghfi.mbJisomri
dabyfzhins;b“Fbjag'dbkgaqbxa.p”

U.d,byibsifrgijbgadbdabgadfcibdyibdqabhdmogrimh,bogjbsinnbfgdabjfhca.mhi
qfdybdyibdmf.zvfmodibasbc.hdazimhbqyabqimibjmfgkfgrbodbdyibca.gdimp

“Yaqbraihbfd,b ocw.ih?”bhofjbagibasbdyihibdymiibdabZaghfi.mbJisomripb“Fh
onnbdyibhlfndbqfgibhqonnaqij?”

“Ivimxbjmal,b ocw.ih,”boghqimijbZaghfi.mbJisomrip

QyigbdyfhbfgdimcyogribasbCymfhdfogbgozibqohbissicdij,bZojozibJisomri,
lfckfgrbyimbdiidybqfdybyimbdaadylfck,bca.ryijbogadyimbrmofgbasbca.ry,
ogjbmofhijbyimbixiumaqhbuxbdyibumiojdybasbogadyimbnfgip

“Fdbfhbgadbasdig,”bhofjbdyibhicagjbasbdyibdymii,bojjmihhfgrbZaghfi.m
Jisomri,b“dyodbzogxbasbdyihibzfhimounibuiohdhbkgaqbdyibdohdibasbqfgi,bam
asbogxdyfgrbu.dbunockbumiojbogjbjiodypbFhbfdbgadbha,b ocw.ih?”

“Fdbfhbha,b ocw.ih,”bZaghfi.mbJisomribmid.mgijp

OdbdyfhbhicagjbfgdimcyogribasbdyibCymfhdfogbgozi,bZojozibJisomri,bhdfnn
.hfgrbyimbdaadylfckbqfdyblmasa.gjbcazlah.mi,bca.ryijbogadyimbrmofgbas
ca.ry,bogjbmofhijbyimbixiumaqhbuxbdyibumiojdybasbogadyimbnfgip

Dyibnohdbasbdyibdymiibgaqbhofjbyfhbhox,bohbyibl.dbjaqgbyfhbizldx
jmfgkfgrbvihhinbogjbhzockijbyfhbnflhp

“Oy!bHabz.cybdyibqamhi!bObufddimbdohdibfdbfhbdyodbh.cyblaambcoddni
onqoxhbyovibfgbdyifmbza.dyh,bogjbyomjbnfvihbdyixbnfvi,b ocw.ihpbOzbF
mfryd,b ocw.ih?”

“Xa.bomibmfryd,b ocw.ih,”bqohbdyibmihlaghibasbZaghfi.mbJisomrip

DyfhbdyfmjbfgdimcyogribasbdyibCymfhdfogbgozibqohbcazlnidijbodbdyibzazigd
qyigbZojozibJisomribl.dbyimbdaadylfckbux,bkildbyimbixiumaqhb.l,bogj
hnfrydnxbm.hdnijbfgbyimbhiodp

“Yanjbdyig!bDm.i!”bz.ddimijbyimby.huogjpb“Rigdnizig--zxbqfsi!”

Dyibdymiibc.hdazimhbl.nnijbassbdyifmbyodhbdabZojozibJisomri,bqfdybdymii
sna.mfhyihpbHyibockgaqnijrijbdyifmbyazoribuxbuigjfgrbyimbyioj,bogj
rfvfgrbdyizbobw.fckbnaakpbDyigbhyibrnogcijbfgbobcoh.onbzoggimbma.gjbdyi
qfgi-hyal,bdaakb.lbyimbkgfddfgrbqfdybrmiodbollomigdbconzgihhbogjbmilahi
asbhlfmfd,bogjbuicozibouhamuijbfgbfdp

“Rigdnizig,”bhofjbyimby.huogj,bqyabyojbkildbyfhbumfrydbixibauhimvogdnx
.lagbyim,b“raajbjoxpbDyibcyozuim,bs.mgfhyijbuocyinam-sohyfag,bdyodbxa.
qfhyijbdabhii,bogjbqimibfgw.fmfgrbsambqyigbFbhdillijba.d,bfhbagbdyi
sfsdybsnaampbDyibjaamqoxbasbdyibhdofmcohibrfvihbagbdyibnfddnibca.mdxomj
cnahibdabdyibnisdbyimi,”blafgdfgrbqfdybyfhbyogj,b“giombdabdyibqfgjaqbas
zxbihdounfhyzigdpbU.d,bgaqbdyodbFbmizizuim,bagibasbxa.byohbonmiojxbuiig
dyimi,bogjbcogbhyaqbdyibqoxpbRigdnizig,bojfi.!”

Dyixblofjbsambdyifmbqfgi,bogjbnisdbdyiblnocipbDyibixihbasbZaghfi.m
Jisomribqimibhd.jxfgrbyfhbqfsibodbyimbkgfddfgrbqyigbdyibinjimnx
rigdnizogbojvogcijbsmazbyfhbcamgim,bogjbuirrijbdyibsova.mbasbobqamjp

“Qfnnfgrnx,bhfm,”bhofjbZaghfi.mbJisomri,bogjbw.fidnxbhdillijbqfdybyfzbda
dyibjaamp

Dyifmbcagsimigcibqohbvimxbhyamd,bu.dbvimxbjicfjijpbOnzahdbodbdyibsfmhd
qamj,bZaghfi.mbJisomribhdomdijbogjbuicozibjiilnxboddigdfvipbFdbyoj
gadbnohdijbobzfg.di,bqyigbyibgajjijbogjbqigdba.dpbDyibrigdnizogbdyig
uickagijbdabdyibxa.grbnojx,bogjbdyix,bdaa,bqigdba.dpbZojozibJisomri
kgfddijbqfdybgfzunibsfgrimhbogjbhdiojxbixiumaqh,bogjbhoqbgadyfgrp

Zmpb omvfhbNammxbogjbZfhhbZogiddi,bizimrfgrbsmazbdyibqfgi-hyalbdy.h,
 afgijbZaghfi.mbJisomribfgbdyibjaamqoxbdabqyfcybyibyojbjfmicdijbyfhbaqg
cazlogxb .hdbuisamipbFdbaligijbsmazbobhdfgkfgrbnfddnibunockbca.mdxomj,
ogjbqohbdyibrigimonbl.unfcbigdmogcibdabobrmiodblfnibasbya.hih,bfgyoufdij
uxbobrmiodbg.zuimbasblialnipbFgbdyibrnaazxbdfni-lovijbigdmxbdabdyi
rnaazxbdfni-lovijbhdofmcohi,bZaghfi.mbJisomribuigdbjaqgbagbagibkgii
dabdyibcyfnjbasbyfhbanjbzohdim,bogjbl.dbyimbyogjbdabyfhbnflhpbFdbqoh
obrigdnibocdfag,bu.dbgadbodbonnbrigdnxbjagi;bobvimxbmizomkouni
dmoghsamzodfagbyojbcazibavimbyfzbfgbobsiqbhicagjhpbYibyojbgabraaj-y.za.m
fgbyfhbsoci,bgambogxbaliggihhbasbohlicdbnisd,bu.dbyojbuicazibobhicmid,
ogrmx,bjogrima.hbzogp

“Fdbfhbvimxbyfry;bfdbfhbobnfddnibjfssfc.ndpbUiddimbdabuirfgbhnaqnxp”
bDy.h,bZaghfi.mbJisomri,bfgbobhdimgbvafci,bdabZmpbNammx,bohbdyixbuirog
ohcigjfgrbdyibhdofmhp

“Fhbyibonagi?”bdyibnoddimbqyfhlimijp

“Onagi!bRajbyinlbyfz,bqyabhya.njbuibqfdybyfz!”bhofjbdyibadyim,bfgbdyi
hozibnaqbvafcip

“Fhbyibonqoxhbonagi,bdyig?”

“Xihp”

“Asbyfhbaqgbjihfmi?”

“AsbyfhbaqgbgicihhfdxpbOhbyibqoh,bqyigbFbsfmhdbhoqbyfzbosdimbdyix
sa.gjbzibogjbjizogjijbdabkgaqbfsbFbqa.njbdokibyfz,bogj,bodbzxblimfnbui
jfhcmiid--ohbyibqohbdyig,bhabyibfhbgaqp”

“Yibfhbrmiodnxbcyogrij?”

“Cyogrij!”

Dyibkiilimbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbhdallijbdabhdmfkibdyibqonnbqfdybyfhbyogj,
ogjbz.ddimbobdmizigja.hbc.mhipbGabjfmicdboghqimbca.njbyovibuiigbyonsbha
samcfunipbZmpbNammx'hbhlfmfdhbrmiqbyiovfimbogjbyiovfim,bohbyibogjbyfh
dqabcazlogfaghbohcigjijbyfryimbogjbyfryimp

H.cybobhdofmcohi,bqfdybfdhboccihhamfih,bfgbdyibanjimbogjbzamibcmaqjij
lomdhbasbLomfh,bqa.njbuibuojbiga.rybgaq;bu.d,bodbdyodbdfzi,bfdbqohbvfni
fgjiijbdab.gocc.hdazijbogjb.gyomjigijbhighihpbIvimxbnfddnibyoufdodfag
qfdyfgbdyibrmiodbsa.nbgihdbasbagibyfrybu.fnjfgr--dyodbfhbdabhox,
dyibmaazbambmaazhbqfdyfgbivimxbjaambdyodbaligijbagbdyibrigimon
hdofmcohi--nisdbfdhbaqgbyiolbasbmis.hibagbfdhbaqgbnogjfgr,buihfjih
snfgrfgrbadyimbmis.hibsmazbfdhbaqgbqfgjaqhpbDyib.gcagdmannounibogj
yalinihhbzohhbasbjicazlahfdfagbhabigrigjimij,bqa.njbyoviblann.dij
dyibofm,bivigbfsblavimdxbogjbjilmfvodfagbyojbgadbnaojijbfdbqfdybdyifm
fgdogrfunibfzl.mfdfih;bdyibdqabuojbha.mcihbcazufgijbzojibfdbonzahd
fgh.llamdounipbDyma.rybh.cybogbodzahlyimi,buxbobhdiilbjomkbhyosdbasbjfmd
ogjblafhag,bdyibqoxbnoxpbXfinjfgrbdabyfhbaqgbjfhd.muogcibasbzfgj,bogjbda
yfhbxa.grbcazlogfag'hborfdodfag,bqyfcybuicozibrmiodimbivimxbfghdogd,bZmp
 omvfhbNammxbdqfcibhdallijbdabmihdpbIocybasbdyihibhdallorihbqohbzoji
odbobjanis.nbrmodfgr,buxbqyfcybogxbnogr.fhyfgrbraajbofmhbdyodbqimibnisd
.gcamm.ldij,bhiizijbdabihcoli,bogjbonnbhlafndbogjbhfcknxbvola.mhbhiizij
dabcmoqnbfgpbDyma.rybdyibm.hdijbuomh,bdohdih,bmodyimbdyogbrnfzlhih,bqimi
co.rydbasbdyib .zunijbgifryua.myaaj;bogjbgadyfgrbqfdyfgbmogri,bgiomim
ambnaqimbdyogbdyibh.zzfdhbasbdyibdqabrmiodbdaqimhbasbGadmi-Jozi,byojbogx
lmazfhibagbfdbasbyiondyxbnfsibambqyanihazibohlfmodfaghp

Odbnohd,bdyibdalbasbdyibhdofmcohibqohbrofgij,bogjbdyixbhdallijbsambdyi
dyfmjbdfzipbDyimibqohbxidbogb.llimbhdofmcohi,basbobhdiilimbfgcnfgodfag
ogjbasbcagdmocdijbjfzighfagh,bdabuibohcigjij,buisamibdyibrommidbhdamx
qohbmiocyijpbDyibkiilimbasbdyibqfgi-hyal,bonqoxhbrafgrbobnfddnibfg
ojvogci,bogjbonqoxhbrafgrbagbdyibhfjibqyfcybZmpbNammxbdaak,bohbdya.rybyi
jmiojijbdabuibohkijbogxbw.ihdfagbuxbdyibxa.grbnojx,bd.mgijbyfzhinsboua.d
yimi,bogj,bcomis.nnxbsiinfgrbfgbdyiblackidhbasbdyibcaodbyibcommfijbavim
yfhbhya.njim,bdaakba.dbobkixp

“Dyibjaambfhbnackijbdyig,bzxbsmfigj?”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bh.mlmfhijp

“OxpbXih,”bqohbdyibrmfzbmilnxbasbZaghfi.mbJisomrip

“Xa.bdyfgkbfdbgicihhomxbdabkiilbdyib.gsamd.godibrigdnizogbhabmidfmij?”

“Fbdyfgkbfdbgicihhomxbdabd.mgbdyibkixp”bZaghfi.mbJisomribqyfhlimijbfd
cnahimbfgbyfhbiom,bogjbsmaqgijbyiovfnxp

“Qyx?”

“Qyx!bUico.hibyibyohbnfvijbhabnagr,bnackijb.l,bdyodbyibqa.njbui
smfrydigij--movi--diombyfzhinsbdablficih--jfi--cazibdabFbkgaqbgadbqyod
yomz--fsbyfhbjaambqohbnisdbaligp”

“Fhbfdblahhfuni!”biecnofzijbZmpbNammxp

“Fhbfdblahhfuni!”bmiliodijbJisomri,bufddimnxpb“XihpbOgjbobuio.dfs.n
qamnjbqibnfvibfg,bqyigbfdb_fh_blahhfuni,bogjbqyigbzogxbadyimbh.cybdyfgrh
omiblahhfuni,bogjbgadbagnxblahhfuni,bu.dbjagi--jagi,bhiibxa.!--.gjim
dyodbhkxbdyimi,bivimxbjoxpbNagrbnfvibdyibJivfnpbNidb.hbrabagp”

Dyfhbjfonar.ibyojbuiigbyinjbfgbhabvimxbnaqbobqyfhlim,bdyodbgadbobqamj
asbfdbyojbmiocyijbdyibxa.grbnojx'hbiomhpbU.d,buxbdyfhbdfzibhyibdmizunij
.gjimbh.cybhdmagrbizadfag,bogjbyimbsocibielmihhijbh.cybjiilbogefidx,
ogj,bouavibonn,bh.cybjmiojbogjbdimmam,bdyodbZmpbNammxbsindbfdbfgc.zuigd
agbyfzbdabhliokbobqamjbambdqabasbmiohh.mogcip

“Ca.mori,bjiombzfhh!bCa.mori!bU.hfgihh!bDyibqamhdbqfnnbuibavimbfgbo
zazigd;bfdbfhbu.dblohhfgrbdyibmaaz-jaam,bogjbdyibqamhdbfhbavimpbDyig,
onnbdyibraajbxa.bumfgrbdabyfz,bonnbdyibminfis,bonnbdyibyollfgihhbxa.
umfgrbdabyfz,buirfgpbNidba.mbraajbsmfigjbyimi,bohhfhdbxa.bagbdyodbhfjip
Dyod'hbqinn,bsmfigjbJisomripbCazi,bgaqpbU.hfgihh,bu.hfgihh!”

Dyixbqigdb.lbhnaqnxbogjbhasdnxpbDyibhdofmcohibqohbhyamd,bogjbdyixbqimi
haagbodbdyibdalpbDyimi,bohbfdbyojbogboum.ldbd.mgbfgbfd,bdyixbcozibonnbod
agcibfgbhfrydbasbdymiibzig,bqyahibyiojhbqimibuigdbjaqgbcnahibdaridyimbod
dyibhfjibasbobjaam,bogjbqyabqimibfgdigdnxbnaakfgrbfgdabdyibmaazbdabqyfcy
dyibjaambuinagrij,bdyma.rybhazibcyfgkhbambyanihbfgbdyibqonnpbAgbyiomfgr
saadhdilhbcnahibodbyogj,bdyihibdymiibd.mgij,bogjbmahi,bogjbhyaqij
dyizhinvihbdabuibdyibdymiibasbagibgozibqyabyojbuiigbjmfgkfgrbfgbdyi
qfgi-hyalp

“Fbsamradbdyizbfgbdyibh.mlmfhibasbxa.mbvfhfd,”bielnofgijbZaghfi.m
Jisomripb“Niovib.h,braajbuaxh;bqibyovibu.hfgihhbyimip”

Dyibdymiibrnfjijbux,bogjbqigdbhfnigdnxbjaqgp

Dyimibolliomfgrbdabuibgabadyimbjaambagbdyodbsnaam,bogjbdyibkiilimbas
dyibqfgi-hyalbrafgrbhdmofrydbdabdyfhbagibqyigbdyixbqimibnisdbonagi,bZmp
Nammxbohkijbyfzbfgbobqyfhlim,bqfdybobnfddnibogrim:

“Jabxa.bzokibobhyaqbasbZaghfi.mbZogiddi?”

“Fbhyaqbyfz,bfgbdyibqoxbxa.byovibhiig,bdabobcyahigbsiqp”

“Fhbdyodbqinn?”

“_F_bdyfgkbfdbfhbqinnp”

“Qyabomibdyibsiq?bYaqbjabxa.bcyaahibdyiz?”

“Fbcyaahibdyizbohbmionbzig,basbzxbgozi-- ocw.ihbfhbzxbgozi--dabqyazbdyi
hfrydbfhbnfkinxbdabjabraajpbIga.ry;bxa.bomibIgrnfhy;bdyodbfhbogadyim
dyfgrpbHdoxbdyimi,bfsbxa.blniohi,bobnfddnibzazigdp”

Qfdybogbojzagfdamxbrihd.mibdabkiilbdyizbuock,byibhdaalij,bogjbnaakijbfg
dyma.rybdyibcmivfcibfgbdyibqonnpbHaagbmofhfgrbyfhbyiojborofg,byibhdm.ck
dqfcibambdymfcib.lagbdyibjaam--ivfjigdnxbqfdybgabadyimbau icdbdyogbda
zokibobgafhibdyimipbQfdybdyibhozibfgdigdfag,byibjmiqbdyibkixbocmahhbfd,
dymiibambsa.mbdfzih,buisamibyibl.dbfdbcn.zhfnxbfgdabdyibnack,bogjbd.mgij
fdbohbyiovfnxbohbyibca.njp

Dyibjaambhnaqnxbaligijbfgqomjb.gjimbyfhbyogj,bogjbyibnaakijbfgdabdyi
maazbogjbhofjbhazidyfgrpbObsofgdbvafciboghqimijbhazidyfgrpbNfddnibzami
dyogbobhfgrnibhxnnounibca.njbyovibuiigbhlakigbagbifdyimbhfjip

Yibnaakijbuockbavimbyfhbhya.njim,bogjbuickagijbdyizbdabigdimpbZmpbNammx
radbyfhbomzbhic.minxbma.gjbdyibjo.rydim'hbqofhd,bogjbyinjbyim;bsambyi
sindbdyodbhyibqohbhfgkfgrp

“O-o-o-u.hfgihh,bu.hfgihh!”byib.mrij,bqfdybobzafhd.mibdyodbqohbgadbas
u.hfgihhbhyfgfgrbagbyfhbcyiikpb“Cazibfg,bcazibfg!”

“Fbozbosmofjbasbfd,”bhyiboghqimij,bhy.jjimfgrp

“Asbfd?bQyod?”

“FbziogbasbyfzpbAsbzxbsodyimp”

Migjimijbfgbobzoggimbjihlimodi,buxbyimbhdodibogjbuxbdyibuickagfgrbas
dyifmbcagj.cdam,byibjmiqbavimbyfhbgickbdyibomzbdyodbhyaakb.lagbyfh
hya.njim,bnfsdijbyimbobnfddni,bogjby.mmfijbyimbfgdabdyibmaazpbYibhodbyim
jaqgb .hdbqfdyfgbdyibjaam,bogjbyinjbyim,bcnfgrfgrbdabyfzp

Jisomribjmiqba.dbdyibkix,bcnahijbdyibjaam,bnackijbfdbagbdyibfghfji,
daakba.dbdyibkixborofg,bogjbyinjbfdbfgbyfhbyogjpbOnnbdyfhbyibjfj,
zidyajfconnx,bogjbqfdybohbna.jbogjbyomhybogboccazlogfzigdbasbgafhibohbyi
ca.njbzokipbSfgonnx,byibqonkijbocmahhbdyibmaazbqfdybobzioh.mijbdmiojbda
qyimibdyibqfgjaqbqohpbYibhdallijbdyimi,bogjbsocijbma.gjp

Dyibrommid,bu.fndbdabuibobjilahfdamxbsambsfmiqaajbogjbdyibnfki,bqohbjfz
ogjbjomk:bsam,bdyibqfgjaqbasbjamzimbhyoli,bqohbfgbdm.dybobjaambfgbdyi
maas,bqfdybobnfddnibcmogibavimbfdbsambdyibyafhdfgrb.lbasbhdamihbsmaz
dyibhdmiid:b.grnotij,bogjbcnahfgrb.lbdyibzfjjnibfgbdqablficih,bnfkibogx
adyimbjaambasbSmigcybcaghdm.cdfagpbDabiecn.jibdyibcanj,bagibyonsbasbdyfh
jaambqohbsohdbcnahij,bogjbdyibadyimbqohbaligijbu.dbobvimxbnfddnibqoxp
H.cybobhcogdxblamdfagbasbnfrydbqohbojzfddijbdyma.rybdyihibziogh,bdyodbfd
qohbjfssfc.nd,bagbsfmhdbcazfgrbfg,bdabhiibogxdyfgr;bogjbnagrbyoufd
onagibca.njbyovibhnaqnxbsamzijbfgbogxbagi,bdyiboufnfdxbdabjabogxbqamk
miw.fmfgrbgfcidxbfgbh.cybauhc.mfdxpbXid,bqamkbasbdyodbkfgjbqohbuifgr
jagibfgbdyibrommid;bsam,bqfdybyfhbuockbdaqomjhbdyibjaam,bogjbyfhbsoci
daqomjhbdyibqfgjaqbqyimibdyibkiilimbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbhdaajbnaakfgrbod
yfz,bobqyfdi-yofmijbzogbhodbagbobnaqbuigcy,bhdaalfgrbsamqomjbogjbvimx
u.hx,bzokfgrbhyaihp




VFpbDyibHyaizokim


“Raajbjox!”bhofjbZaghfi.mbJisomri,bnaakfgrbjaqgbodbdyibqyfdibyiojbdyod
uigdbnaqbavimbdyibhyaizokfgrp

Fdbqohbmofhijbsambobzazigd,bogjbobvimxbsofgdbvafcibmihlagjijbdabdyi
hon.dodfag,bohbfsbfdbqimibodbobjfhdogci:

“Raajbjox!”

“Xa.bomibhdfnnbyomjbodbqamk,bFbhii?”

Osdimbobnagrbhfnigci,bdyibyiojbqohbnfsdijbsambogadyimbzazigd,bogjbdyi
vafcibmilnfij,b“Xih--Fbozbqamkfgrp”bDyfhbdfzi,boblofmbasbyorromjbixih
yojbnaakijbodbdyibw.ihdfagim,buisamibdyibsocibyojbjmallijborofgp

Dyibsofgdgihhbasbdyibvafcibqohblfdfounibogjbjmiojs.npbFdbqohbgadbdyi
sofgdgihhbasblyxhfconbqiokgihh,bdya.rybcagsfgizigdbogjbyomjbsomibga
ja.udbyojbdyifmblomdbfgbfdpbFdhbjilnamouniblic.nfomfdxbqoh,bdyodbfdbqoh
dyibsofgdgihhbasbhanfd.jibogjbjfh.hipbFdbqohbnfkibdyibnohdbsiiunibicya
asbobha.gjbzojibnagrbogjbnagrborapbHabigdfminxbyojbfdbnahdbdyibnfsibogj
mihagogcibasbdyiby.zogbvafci,bdyodbfdbossicdijbdyibhighihbnfkibobagci
uio.dfs.nbcana.mbsojijboqoxbfgdaboblaambqiokbhdofgpbHabh.gkigbogj
h.llmihhijbfdbqoh,bdyodbfdbqohbnfkibobvafcib.gjimrma.gjpbHabielmihhfvi
fdbqoh,basbobyalinihhbogjbnahdbcmiod.mi,bdyodbobsozfhyijbdmovinnim,
qiomfijba.dbuxbnaginxbqogjimfgrbfgbobqfnjimgihh,bqa.njbyovibmizizuimij
yazibogjbsmfigjhbfgbh.cybobdagibuisamibnxfgrbjaqgbdabjfip

Hazibzfg.dihbasbhfnigdbqamkbyojblohhij:bogjbdyibyorromjbixihbyojbnaakij
.lborofg:bgadbqfdybogxbfgdimihdbambc.mfahfdx,bu.dbqfdybobj.nnbzicyogfcon
limcildfag,buisamiyogj,bdyodbdyibhladbqyimibdyibagnxbvfhfdambdyixbqimi
oqomibasbyojbhdaaj,bqohbgadbxidbizldxp

“Fbqogd,”bhofjbJisomri,bqyabyojbgadbmizavijbyfhbrotibsmazbdyibhyaizokim,
“dabnidbfgbobnfddnibzamibnfrydbyimipbXa.bcogbuiombobnfddnibzami?”

Dyibhyaizokimbhdallijbyfhbqamk;bnaakijbqfdybobvocogdbofmbasbnfhdigfgr,
odbdyibsnaambagbagibhfjibasbyfz;bdyigbhfzfnomnx,bodbdyibsnaambagbdyi
adyimbhfjibasbyfz;bdyig,b.lqomjbodbdyibhliokimp

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bhox?”

“Xa.bcogbuiombobnfddnibzamibnfryd?”

“Fbz.hdbuiombfd,bfsbxa.bnidbfdbfgp”b(Noxfgrbdyiblonihdbhyojaqbasbo
hdmihhb.lagbdyibhicagjbqamjp)

Dyibaligijbyons-jaambqohbaligijbobnfddnibs.mdyim,bogjbhic.mijbodbdyod
ogrnibsambdyibdfzipbObumaojbmoxbasbnfrydbsinnbfgdabdyibrommid,bogj
hyaqijbdyibqamkzogbqfdybogb.gsfgfhyijbhyaib.lagbyfhbnol,blo.hfgrbfgbyfh
noua.mpbYfhbsiqbcazzagbdaanhbogjbvomfa.hbhcmolhbasbniodyimbqimibodbyfh
siidbogjbagbyfhbuigcypbYibyojbobqyfdibuiomj,bmorrijnxbc.d,bu.dbgadbvimx
nagr,bobyannaqbsoci,bogjbieciijfgrnxbumfrydbixihpbDyibyannaqgihhbogj
dyfggihhbasbyfhbsocibqa.njbyovibco.hijbdyizbdabnaakbnomri,b.gjimbyfhbxid
jomkbixiumaqhbogjbyfhbcags.hijbqyfdibyofm,bdya.rybdyixbyojbuiigbmionnx
adyimqfhi;bu.d,bdyixbqimibgod.monnxbnomri,bogjbnaakijb.ggod.monnxbhap
Yfhbxinnaqbmorhbasbhyfmdbnoxbaligbodbdyibdymaod,bogjbhyaqijbyfhbuajx
dabuibqfdyimijbogjbqamgpbYi,bogjbyfhbanjbcogvohbsmack,bogjbyfhbnaahi
hdackfgrh,bogjbonnbyfhblaambdoddimhbasbcnadyih,byoj,bfgbobnagrbhicn.hfag
smazbjfmicdbnfrydbogjbofm,bsojijbjaqgbdabh.cybobj.nnb.gfsamzfdxbas
lomcyzigd-xinnaq,bdyodbfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbyomjbdabhoxbqyfcybqohbqyfcyp

Yibyojbl.db.lbobyogjbuidqiigbyfhbixihbogjbdyibnfryd,bogjbdyibvimxbuagih
asbfdbhiizijbdmoghlomigdpbHabyibhod,bqfdybobhdiojsohdnxbvocogdbroti,
lo.hfgrbfgbyfhbqamkpbYibgivimbnaakijbodbdyibsfr.mibuisamibyfz,bqfdya.d
sfmhdbnaakfgrbjaqgbagbdyfhbhfjibasbyfzhins,bdyigbagbdyod,bohbfsbyibyoj
nahdbdyibyoufdbasbohhacfodfgrblnocibqfdybha.gj;byibgivimbhlaki,bqfdya.d
sfmhdbqogjimfgrbfgbdyfhbzoggim,bogjbsamriddfgrbdabhliokp

“Omibxa.brafgrbdabsfgfhybdyodblofmbasbhyaihbda-jox?”bohkijbJisomri,
zadfagfgrbdabZmpbNammxbdabcazibsamqomjp

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bhox?”

“Jabxa.bziogbdabsfgfhybdyodblofmbasbhyaihbda-jox?”

“Fbcog'dbhoxbdyodbFbziogbdapbFbh.llahibhapbFbjag'dbkgaqp”

U.d,bdyibw.ihdfagbmizfgjijbyfzbasbyfhbqamk,bogjbyibuigdbavimbfdborofgp

ZmpbNammxbcozibhfnigdnxbsamqomj,bniovfgrbdyibjo.rydimbuxbdyibjaampbQyig
yibyojbhdaaj,bsambobzfg.dibambdqa,buxbdyibhfjibasbJisomri,bdyibhyaizokim
naakijb.lpbYibhyaqijbgabh.mlmfhibodbhiifgrbogadyimbsfr.mi,bu.dbdyi
.ghdiojxbsfgrimhbasbagibasbyfhbyogjhbhdmoxijbdabyfhbnflhbohbyibnaakijbod
fdb(yfhbnflhbogjbyfhbgofnhbqimibasbdyibhoziblonibnioj-cana.m),bogjbdyig
dyibyogjbjmallijbdabyfhbqamk,bogjbyibagcibzamibuigdbavimbdyibhyaipbDyi
naakbogjbdyibocdfagbyojbacc.lfijbu.dbogbfghdogdp

“Xa.byovibobvfhfdam,bxa.bhii,”bhofjbZaghfi.mbJisomrip

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bhox?”

“Yimibfhbobvfhfdamp”

Dyibhyaizokimbnaakijb.lbohbuisami,bu.dbqfdya.dbmizavfgrbobyogjbsmazbyfh
qamkp

“Cazi!”bhofjbJisomripb“Yimibfhbzaghfi.m,bqyabkgaqhbobqinn-zojibhyaibqyig
yibhiihbagipbHyaqbyfzbdyodbhyaibxa.bomibqamkfgrbodpbDokibfd,bzaghfi.mp”

ZmpbNammxbdaakbfdbfgbyfhbyogjp

“Dinnbzaghfi.mbqyodbkfgjbasbhyaibfdbfh,bogjbdyibzokim'hbgozip”

Dyimibqohbobnagrimblo.hibdyogb.h.on,buisamibdyibhyaizokimbmilnfij:

“Fbsamridbqyodbfdbqohbxa.bohkijbzipbQyodbjfjbxa.bhox?”

“Fbhofj,bca.njg'dbxa.bjihcmfuibdyibkfgjbasbhyai,bsambzaghfi.m'h
fgsamzodfag?”

“Fdbfhbobnojx'hbhyaipbFdbfhbobxa.grbnojx'hbqonkfgr-hyaipbFdbfhbfgbdyi
lmihigdbzajipbFbgivimbhoqbdyibzajipbFbyovibyojbobloddimgbfgbzxbyogjp”bYi
rnogcijbodbdyibhyaibqfdybhazibnfddniblohhfgrbda.cybasblmfjip

“Ogjbdyibzokim'hbgozi?”bhofjbJisomrip

Gaqbdyodbyibyojbgabqamkbdabyanj,byibnofjbdyibkg.cknihbasbdyibmfrydbyogj
fgbdyibyannaqbasbdyibnisd,bogjbdyigbdyibkg.cknihbasbdyibnisdbyogjbfgbdyi
yannaqbasbdyibmfryd,bogjbdyigblohhijbobyogjbocmahhbyfhbuiomjijbcyfg,bogj
habagbfgbmir.nombcyogrih,bqfdya.dbobzazigd'hbfgdimzfhhfagpbDyibdohkbas
miconnfgrbyfzbsmazbdyibvormogcxbfgdabqyfcybyibonqoxhbhogkbqyigbyi
yojbhlakig,bqohbnfkibmiconnfgrbhazibvimxbqiokblimhagbsmazbobhqaag,bam
igjiova.mfgr,bfgbdyibyalibasbhazibjfhcnah.mi,bdabhdoxbdyibhlfmfdbasbo
sohd-jxfgrbzogp

“Jfjbxa.bohkbzibsambzxbgozi?”

“Ohh.mijnxbFbjfjp”

“AgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqimp”

“Fhbdyodbonn?”

“AgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqimp”

Qfdybobqiomxbha.gjbdyodbqohbgadbobhfry,bgambobrmaog,byibuigdbdabqamk
orofg,b.gdfnbdyibhfnigcibqohborofgbumakigp

“Xa.bomibgadbobhyaizokimbuxbdmoji?”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bnaakfgrbhdiojsohdnx
odbyfzp

Yfhbyorromjbixihbd.mgijbdabJisomribohbfsbyibqa.njbyovibdmoghsimmijbdyi
w.ihdfagbdabyfz:bu.dbohbgabyinlbcozibsmazbdyodbw.omdim,bdyixbd.mgijbuock
agbdyibw.ihdfagimbqyigbdyixbyojbha.rydbdyibrma.gjp

“Fbozbgadbobhyaizokimbuxbdmoji?bGa,bFbqohbgadbobhyaizokimbuxbdmojipbF-F
niomgdbfdbyimipbFbdo.rydbzxhinspbFbohkijbniovibda--”

Yibnolhijboqox,bivigbsambzfg.dih,bmfgrfgrbdyahibzioh.mijbcyogrihbagbyfh
yogjhbdyibqyanibdfzipbYfhbixihbcozibhnaqnxbuock,bodbnohd,bdabdyibsoci
smazbqyfcybdyixbyojbqogjimij;bqyigbdyixbmihdijbagbfd,byibhdomdij,bogj
mih.zij,bfgbdyibzoggimbasbobhniilimbdyodbzazigdboqoki,bmivimdfgrbdabo
h.u icdbasbnohdbgfrydp

“Fbohkijbniovibdabdiocybzxhins,bogjbFbradbfdbqfdybz.cybjfssfc.ndxbosdim
obnagrbqyfni,bogjbFbyovibzojibhyaihbivimbhfgcip”

Ohbyibyinjba.dbyfhbyogjbsambdyibhyaibdyodbyojbuiigbdokigbsmazbyfz,bZmp
Nammxbhofj,bhdfnnbnaakfgrbhdiojsohdnxbfgbyfhbsoci:

“Zaghfi.mbZogiddi,bjabxa.bmizizuimbgadyfgrbasbzi?”

Dyibhyaibjmallijbdabdyibrma.gj,bogjbyibhodbnaakfgrbsfeijnxbodbdyi
w.ihdfagimp

“Zaghfi.mbZogiddi”;bZmpbNammxbnofjbyfhbyogjb.lagbJisomri'hbomz;b“jabxa.
mizizuimbgadyfgrbasbdyfhbzog?bNaakbodbyfzpbNaakbodbzipbFhbdyimibgabanj
uogkim,bgabanjbu.hfgihh,bgabanjbhimvogd,bgabanjbdfzi,bmfhfgrbfgbxa.m
zfgj,bZaghfi.mbZogiddi?”

Ohbdyibcoldfvibasbzogxbxiomhbhodbnaakfgrbsfeijnx,buxbd.mgh,bodbZmp
NammxbogjbodbJisomri,bhazibnagrbaunfdimodijbzomkhbasbogbocdfvinxbfgdigd
fgdinnfrigcibfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibsamiyioj,brmoj.onnxbsamcijbdyizhinvih
dyma.rybdyibunockbzfhdbdyodbyojbsonnigbagbyfzpbDyixbqimibavimcna.jij
orofg,bdyixbqimibsofgdim,bdyixbqimibragi;bu.dbdyixbyojbuiigbdyimipbOgj
habieocdnxbqohbdyibielmihhfagbmiliodijbagbdyibsofmbxa.grbsocibasbyimbqya
yojbcmildbonagrbdyibqonnbdaboblafgdbqyimibhyibca.njbhiibyfz,bogjbqyimi
hyibgaqbhdaajbnaakfgrbodbyfz,bqfdybyogjhbqyfcybodbsfmhdbyojbuiigbagnx
mofhijbfgbsmfrydigijbcazlohhfag,bfsbgadbivigbdabkiilbyfzbassbogj
hy.dba.dbdyibhfrydbasbyfz,bu.dbqyfcybqimibgaqbiedigjfgrbdaqomjhbyfz,
dmizunfgrbqfdybiorimgihhbdabnoxbdyibhlicdmonbsocib.lagbyimbqomzbxa.gr
umiohd,bogjbnavibfdbuockbdabnfsibogjbyali--habieocdnxbqohbdyibielmihhfag
miliodijb(dya.rybfgbhdmagrimbcyomocdimh)bagbyimbsofmbxa.grbsoci,bdyodbfd
naakijbohbdya.rybfdbyojblohhijbnfkibobzavfgrbnfryd,bsmazbyfzbdabyimp

JomkgihhbyojbsonnigbagbyfzbfgbfdhblnocipbYibnaakijbodbdyibdqa,bnihhbogj
nihhboddigdfvinx,bogjbyfhbixihbfgbrnaazxbouhdmocdfagbha.rydbdyibrma.gj
ogjbnaakijboua.dbyfzbfgbdyibanjbqoxpbSfgonnx,bqfdybobjiilbnagrbhfry,byi
daakbdyibhyaib.l,bogjbmih.zijbyfhbqamkp

“Yovibxa.bmicargfhijbyfz,bzaghfi.m?”bohkijbJisomribfgbobqyfhlimp

“Xih;bsambobzazigdpbOdbsfmhdbFbdya.rydbfdbw.fdibyalinihh,bu.dbFbyovi
.gw.ihdfagounxbhiig,bsambobhfgrnibzazigd,bdyibsocibdyodbFbagcibkgiqbha
qinnpbY.hy!bNidb.hbjmoqbs.mdyimbuockpbY.hy!”

Hyibyojbzavijbsmazbdyibqonnbasbdyibrommid,bvimxbgiombdabdyibuigcybag
qyfcybyibhodpbDyimibqohbhazidyfgrboqs.nbfgbyfhb.gcaghcfa.hgihhbasbdyi
sfr.mibdyodbca.njbyovibl.dba.dbfdhbyogjbogjbda.cyijbyfzbohbyibhdaalij
avimbyfhbnoua.mp

Gadbobqamjbqohbhlakig,bgadbobha.gjbqohbzojipbHyibhdaaj,bnfkibobhlfmfd,
uihfjibyfz,bogjbyibuigdbavimbyfhbqamkp

Fdbyolligij,bodbnigrdy,bdyodbyibyojbaccohfagbdabcyogribdyibfghdm.zigd
fgbyfhbyogj,bsambyfhbhyaizokim'hbkgfsipbFdbnoxbagbdyodbhfjibasbyfz
qyfcybqohbgadbdyibhfjibagbqyfcybhyibhdaajpbYibyojbdokigbfdb.l,bogjbqoh
hdaalfgrbdabqamkborofg,bqyigbyfhbixihbco.rydbdyibhkfmdbasbyimbjmihhpbYi
mofhijbdyiz,bogjbhoqbyimbsocipbDyibdqabhlicdodamhbhdomdijbsamqomj,
u.dbhyibhdoxijbdyizbqfdybobzadfagbasbyimbyogjpbHyibyojbgabsiombasbyfh
hdmfkfgrbodbyimbqfdybdyibkgfsi,bdya.rybdyixbyojp

Yibhdomijbodbyimbqfdybobsioms.nbnaak,bogjbosdimbobqyfnibyfhbnflhbuirog
dabsamzbhazibqamjh,bdya.rybgabha.gjblmaciijijbsmazbdyizpbUxbjirmiih,bfg
dyiblo.hihbasbyfhbw.fckbogjbnoua.mijbumiodyfgr,byibqohbyiomjbdabhox:

“Qyodbfhbdyfh?”

Qfdybdyibdiomhbhdmiozfgrbjaqgbyimbsoci,bhyibl.dbyimbdqabyogjhbdabyim
nflh,bogjbkfhhijbdyizbdabyfz;bdyigbcnohlijbdyizbagbyimbumiohd,bohbfsbhyi
nofjbyfhbm.fgijbyiojbdyimip

“Xa.bomibgadbdyibroanim'hbjo.rydim?”

Hyibhfryijb“Gap”

“Qyabomibxa.?”

Gadbxidbdm.hdfgrbdyibdagihbasbyimbvafci,bhyibhodbjaqgbagbdyibuigcy
uihfjibyfzpbYibmicafnij,bu.dbhyibnofjbyimbyogjb.lagbyfhbomzpbObhdmogri
dymfnnbhdm.ckbyfzbqyigbhyibjfjbha,bogjbvfhfunxblohhijbavimbyfhbsmozi;byi
nofjbdyibkgfsibjaqgbhasdnx,bohbyibhodbhdomfgrbodbyimp

Yimbranjigbyofm,bqyfcybhyibqamibfgbnagrbc.mnh,byojbuiigby.mmfijnxbl.hyij
ohfji,bogjbsinnbjaqgbavimbyimbgickpbOjvogcfgrbyfhbyogjbuxbnfddnibogj
nfddni,byibdaakbfdb.lbogjbnaakijbodbfdpbFgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyibocdfag
yibqigdbohdmox,bogj,bqfdybogadyimbjiilbhfry,bsinnbdabqamkbodbyfh
hyaizokfgrp

U.dbgadbsambnagrpbMiniohfgrbyfhbomz,bhyibnofjbyimbyogjb.lagbyfh
hya.njimpbOsdimbnaakfgrbja.uds.nnxbodbfd,bdqabambdymiibdfzih,bohbfsbda
uibh.mibdyodbfdbqohbmionnxbdyimi,byibnofjbjaqgbyfhbqamk,bl.dbyfhbyogj
dabyfhbgick,bogjbdaakbassbobunockigijbhdmfgrbqfdybobhcmolbasbsanjijbmor
oddocyijbdabfdpbYibaligijbdyfh,bcomis.nnx,bagbyfhbkgii,bogjbfdbcagdofgij
obvimxbnfddnibw.ogdfdxbasbyofm:bgadbzamibdyogbagibambdqabnagrbranjig
yofmh,bqyfcybyibyoj,bfgbhazibanjbjox,bqa.gjbassb.lagbyfhbsfgrimp

Yibdaakbyimbyofmbfgdabyfhbyogjborofg,bogjbnaakijbcnahinxbodbfdpb“Fdbfh
dyibhozipbYaqbcogbfdbui!bQyigbqohbfd!bYaqbqohbfd!”

Ohbdyibcagcigdmodijbielmihhfagbmid.mgijbdabyfhbsamiyioj,byibhiizijbda
uicazibcaghcfa.hbdyodbfdbqohbfgbyimhbdaapbYibd.mgijbyimbs.nnbdabdyi
nfryd,bogjbnaakijbodbyimp

“Hyibyojbnofjbyimbyiojb.lagbzxbhya.njim,bdyodbgfrydbqyigbFbqohbh.zzagij
a.d--hyibyojbobsiombasbzxbrafgr,bdya.rybFbyojbgagi--ogjbqyigbFbqoh
uma.rydbdabdyibGamdybDaqimbdyixbsa.gjbdyihib.lagbzxbhniivipb'Xa.bqfnn
niovibzibdyiz?bDyixbcogbgivimbyinlbzibdabihcolibfgbdyibuajx,bdya.rybdyix
zoxbfgbdyibhlfmfdp'bDyahibqimibdyibqamjhbFbhofjpbFbmizizuimbdyizbvimx
qinnp”

Yibsamzijbdyfhbhliicybqfdybyfhbnflhbzogxbdfzihbuisamibyibca.njb.ddimbfdp
U.dbqyigbyibjfjbsfgjbhlakigbqamjhbsambfd,bdyixbcozibdabyfzbcayimigdnx,
dya.rybhnaqnxp

“Yaqbqohbdyfh?--_Qohbfdbxa._?”

Agcibzami,bdyibdqabhlicdodamhbhdomdij,bohbyibd.mgijb.lagbyimbqfdybo
smfryds.nbh.jjiggihhpbU.dbhyibhodblimsicdnxbhdfnnbfgbyfhbrmohl,bogjbagnx
hofj,bfgbobnaqbvafci,b“Fbigdmiodbxa.,braajbrigdnizig,bjabgadbcazibgiom
.h,bjabgadbhliok,bjabgadbzavi!”

“Yomk!”byibiecnofzijpb“Qyahibvafcibqohbdyod?”

Yfhbyogjhbminiohijbyimbohbyib.ddimijbdyfhbcmx,bogjbqigdb.lbdabyfhbqyfdi
yofm,bqyfcybdyixbdamibfgbobsmigtxpbFdbjfijba.d,bohbivimxdyfgrbu.dbyfh
hyaizokfgrbjfjbjfiba.dbasbyfz,bogjbyibmisanjijbyfhbnfddniblockidbogj
dmfijbdabhic.mibfdbfgbyfhbumiohd;bu.dbyibhdfnnbnaakijbodbyim,bogj
rnaazfnxbhyaakbyfhbyiojp

“Ga,bga,bga;bxa.bomibdaabxa.gr,bdaabunaazfgrpbFdbcog'dbuipbHiibqyodbdyi
lmfhagimbfhpbDyihibomibgadbdyibyogjhbhyibkgiq,bdyfhbfhbgadbdyibsoci
hyibkgiq,bdyfhbfhbgadbobvafcibhyibivimbyiomjpbGa,bgapbHyibqoh--ogjbYi
qoh--uisamibdyibhnaqbxiomhbasbdyibGamdybDaqim--orihborapbQyodbfhbxa.m
gozi,bzxbrigdnibogrin?”

Yofnfgrbyfhbhasdigijbdagibogjbzoggim,byfhbjo.rydimbsinnb.lagbyimbkgiih
uisamibyfz,bqfdybyimbollionfgrbyogjhb.lagbyfhbumiohdp

“A,bhfm,bodbogadyimbdfzibxa.bhyonnbkgaqbzxbgozi,bogjbqyabzxbzadyimbqoh,
ogjbqyabzxbsodyim,bogjbyaqbFbgivimbkgiqbdyifmbyomj,byomjbyfhdamxpbU.dbF
coggadbdinnbxa.bodbdyfhbdfzi,bogjbFbcoggadbdinnbxa.byimipbOnnbdyodbFbzox
dinnbxa.,byimibogjbgaq,bfh,bdyodbFblmoxbdabxa.bdabda.cybzibogjbdabunihh
zipbKfhhbzi,bkfhhbzi!bAbzxbjiom,bzxbjiom!”

Yfhbcanjbqyfdibyiojbzfgrnijbqfdybyimbmojfogdbyofm,bqyfcybqomzijbogj
nfrydijbfdbohbdya.rybfdbqimibdyibnfrydbasbSmiijazbhyfgfgrbagbyfzp

“Fsbxa.byiombfgbzxbvafci--Fbjag'dbkgaqbdyodbfdbfhbha,bu.dbFbyalibfd
fh--fsbxa.byiombfgbzxbvafcibogxbmihizunogcibdabobvafcibdyodbagcibqoh
hqiidbz.hfcbfgbxa.mbiomh,bqiilbsambfd,bqiilbsambfd!bFsbxa.bda.cy,bfg
da.cyfgrbzxbyofm,bogxdyfgrbdyodbmiconnhbobuinavijbyiojbdyodbnoxbagbxa.m
umiohdbqyigbxa.bqimibxa.grbogjbsmii,bqiilbsambfd,bqiilbsambfd!bFs,bqyig
Fbyfgdbdabxa.basbobYazibdyodbfhbuisamib.h,bqyimibFbqfnnbuibdm.ibdabxa.
qfdybonnbzxbj.dxbogjbqfdybonnbzxbsofdys.nbhimvfci,bFbumfgrbuockbdyi
mizizumogcibasbobYazibnagrbjihanodi,bqyfnibxa.mblaambyiomdblfgijboqox,
qiilbsambfd,bqiilbsambfd!”

Hyibyinjbyfzbcnahimbma.gjbdyibgick,bogjbmackijbyfzbagbyimbumiohdbnfkibo
cyfnjp

“Fs,bqyigbFbdinnbxa.,bjiomihdbjiom,bdyodbxa.mboragxbfhbavim,bogjbdyodbF
yovibcazibyimibdabdokibxa.bsmazbfd,bogjbdyodbqibrabdabIgrnogjbdabuibod
liocibogjbodbmihd,bFbco.hibxa.bdabdyfgkbasbxa.mb.his.nbnfsibnofjbqohdi,
ogjbasba.mbgodfvibSmogcibhabqfckijbdabxa.,bqiilbsambfd,bqiilbsambfd!bOgj
fs,bqyigbFbhyonnbdinnbxa.basbzxbgozi,bogjbasbzxbsodyimbqyabfhbnfvfgr,
ogjbasbzxbzadyimbqyabfhbjioj,bxa.bniomgbdyodbFbyovibdabkgiinbdabzx
yaga.mijbsodyim,bogjbfzlnamibyfhblomjagbsambyovfgrbgivimbsambyfhbhoki
hdmfvigbonnbjoxbogjbnofgboqokibogjbqildbonnbgfryd,buico.hibdyibnavibas
zxblaambzadyimbyfjbyfhbdamd.mibsmazbzi,bqiilbsambfd,bqiilbsambfd!bQiil
sambyim,bdyig,bogjbsambzi!bRaajbrigdnizig,bdyogkbRaj!bFbsiinbyfhbhocmij
diomhb.lagbzxbsoci,bogjbyfhbhauhbhdmfkiborofghdbzxbyiomdpbA,bhii!bDyogk
Rajbsamb.h,bdyogkbRaj!”

Yibyojbh.gkbfgbyimbomzh,bogjbyfhbsocibjmallijbagbyimbumiohd:bobhfrydbha
da.cyfgr,bxidbhabdimmfunibfgbdyibdmizigja.hbqmagrbogjbh.ssimfgrbqyfcy
yojbragibuisamibfd,bdyodbdyibdqabuiyanjimhbcavimijbdyifmbsocihp

Qyigbdyibw.fidbasbdyibrommidbyojbuiigbnagrb.gjfhd.muij,bogjbyfhbyiovfgr
umiohdbogjbhyokigbsamzbyojbnagrbxfinjijbdabdyibconzbdyodbz.hdbsannaqbonn
hdamzh--izunizbdaby.zogfdx,basbdyibmihdbogjbhfnigcibfgdabqyfcybdyibhdamz
connijbNfsibz.hdby.hybodbnohd--dyixbcozibsamqomjbdabmofhibdyibsodyimbogj
jo.rydimbsmazbdyibrma.gjpbYibyojbrmoj.onnxbjmallijbdabdyibsnaam,bogjbnox
dyimibfgbobnidyomrx,bqamgba.dpbHyibyojbgihdnijbjaqgbqfdybyfz,bdyodbyfh
yiojbzfrydbnfib.lagbyimbomz;bogjbyimbyofmbjmaalfgrbavimbyfzbc.mdofgij
yfzbsmazbdyibnfrydp

“Fs,bqfdya.dbjfhd.mufgrbyfz,”bhyibhofj,bmofhfgrbyimbyogjbdabZmpbNammxboh
yibhdaalijbavimbdyiz,bosdimbmiliodijbunaqfgrhbasbyfhbgahi,b“onnbca.njbui
ommogrijbsamba.mbniovfgrbLomfhbodbagci,bhabdyod,bsmazbdyibvimxbjaam,byi
ca.njbuibdokigboqox--”

“U.d,bcaghfjimpbFhbyibsfdbsambdyib a.mgix?”bohkijbZmpbNammxp

“Zamibsfdbsambdyod,bFbdyfgk,bdyogbdabmizofgbfgbdyfhbcfdx,bhabjmiojs.nbda
yfzp”

“Fdbfhbdm.i,”bhofjbJisomri,bqyabqohbkgiinfgrbdabnaakbagbogjbyiompb“Zami
dyogbdyod;bZaghfi.mbZogiddibfh,bsambonnbmiohagh,buihdba.dbasbSmogcip
Hox,bhyonnbFbyfmibobcommforibogjblahd-yamhih?”

“Dyod'hbu.hfgihh,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bmih.zfgrbagbdyibhyamdihdbgadfcibyfh
zidyajfconbzoggimh;b“ogjbfsbu.hfgihhbfhbdabuibjagi,bFbyojbuiddimbjabfdp”

“Dyigbuibhabkfgj,”b.mrijbZfhhbZogiddi,b“ohbdabniovib.hbyimipbXa.bhiibyaq
cazlahijbyibyohbuicazi,bogjbxa.bcoggadbuibosmofjbdabniovibyfzbqfdybzi
gaqpbQyxbhya.njbxa.bui?bFsbxa.bqfnnbnackbdyibjaambdabhic.mib.hbsmaz
fgdimm.ldfag,bFbjabgadbja.udbdyodbxa.bqfnnbsfgjbyfz,bqyigbxa.bcazibuock,
ohbw.fidbohbxa.bniovibyfzpbFgbogxbcohi,bFbqfnnbdokibcomibasbyfzb.gdfn
xa.bmid.mg,bogjbdyigbqibqfnnbmizavibyfzbhdmofrydp”

UadybZmpbNammxbogjbJisomribqimibmodyimbjfhfgcnfgijbdabdyfhbca.mhi,bogj
fgbsova.mbasbagibasbdyizbmizofgfgrpbU.d,bohbdyimibqimibgadbagnxbcommfori
ogjbyamhihbdabuibhiigbda,bu.dbdmovinnfgrblolimh;bogjbohbdfziblmihhij,
sambdyibjoxbqohbjmoqfgrbdabogbigj,bfdbcozibodbnohdbdabdyifmbyohdfnx
jfvfjfgrbdyibu.hfgihhbdyodbqohbgicihhomxbdabuibjagi,bogjby.mmxfgrboqox
dabjabfdp

Dyig,bohbdyibjomkgihhbcnahijbfg,bdyibjo.rydimbnofjbyimbyiojbjaqgbagbdyi
yomjbrma.gjbcnahibodbdyibsodyim'hbhfji,bogjbqodcyijbyfzpbDyibjomkgihh
jiiligijbogjbjiiligij,bogjbdyixbuadybnoxbw.fid,b.gdfnbobnfrydbrniozij
dyma.rybdyibcyfgkhbfgbdyibqonnp

ZmpbNammxbogjbZaghfi.mbJisomribyojbzojibonnbmiojxbsambdyib a.mgix,bogj
yojbuma.rydbqfdybdyiz,buihfjihbdmovinnfgrbcnaokhbogjbqmollimh,bumiojbogj
ziod,bqfgi,bogjbyadbcassiipbZaghfi.mbJisomribl.dbdyfhblmavigjim,bogjbdyi
nozlbyibcommfij,bagbdyibhyaizokim'hbuigcyb(dyimibqohbgadyfgrbinhibfgbdyi
rommidbu.dboblonnidbuij),bogjbyibogjbZmpbNammxbma.hijbdyibcoldfvi,bogj
ohhfhdijbyfzbdabyfhbsiidp

Gaby.zogbfgdinnfrigcibca.njbyovibmiojbdyibzxhdimfihbasbyfhbzfgj,bfg
dyibhcomijbunogkbqagjimbasbyfhbsocipbQyidyimbyibkgiqbqyodbyojbyolligij,
qyidyimbyibmicannicdijbqyodbdyixbyojbhofjbdabyfz,bqyidyimbyibkgiqbdyod
yibqohbsmii,bqimibw.ihdfaghbqyfcybgabhorocfdxbca.njbyovibhanvijpbDyix
dmfijbhliokfgrbdabyfz;bu.d,byibqohbhabcags.hij,bogjbhabvimxbhnaqbda
oghqim,bdyodbdyixbdaakbsmfrydbodbyfhbuiqfnjimzigd,bogjbormiijbsam
dyibdfzibdabdozlimbqfdybyfzbgabzamipbYibyojbobqfnj,bnahdbzoggimbas
accohfagonnxbcnohlfgrbyfhbyiojbfgbyfhbyogjh,bdyodbyojbgadbuiigbhiig
fgbyfzbuisami;bxid,byibyojbhaziblnioh.mibfgbdyibzimibha.gjbasbyfh
jo.rydim'hbvafci,bogjbfgvomfounxbd.mgijbdabfdbqyigbhyibhlakip

Fgbdyibh.uzfhhfvibqoxbasbagibnagrbocc.hdazijbdabauixb.gjimbcaimcfag,byi
odibogjbjmogkbqyodbdyixbrovibyfzbdabiodbogjbjmfgk,bogjbl.dbagbdyibcnaok
ogjbadyimbqmollfgrh,bdyodbdyixbrovibyfzbdabqiompbYibmiojfnxbmihlagjijbda
yfhbjo.rydim'hbjmoqfgrbyimbomzbdyma.rybyfh,bogjbdaak--ogjbkild--yimbyogj
fgbuadybyfhbaqgp

Dyixbuirogbdabjihcigj;bZaghfi.mbJisomribrafgrbsfmhdbqfdybdyibnozl,bZmp
NammxbcnahfgrbdyibnfddniblmacihhfagpbDyixbyojbgadbdmovimhijbzogxbhdilh
asbdyibnagrbzofgbhdofmcohibqyigbyibhdallij,bogjbhdomijbodbdyibmaasbogj
ma.gjbodbdyibqonnhp

“Xa.bmizizuimbdyiblnoci,bzxbsodyim?bXa.bmizizuimbcazfgrb.lbyimi?”

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bhox?”

U.d,buisamibhyibca.njbmiliodbdyibw.ihdfag,byibz.mz.mijbogboghqimbohbfs
hyibyojbmiliodijbfdp

“Mizizuim?bGa,bFbjag'dbmizizuimpbFdbqohbhabvimxbnagrborap”

Dyodbyibyojbgabmicannicdfagbqyodivimbasbyfhbyovfgrbuiigbuma.rydbsmazbyfh
lmfhagbdabdyodbya.hi,bqohbollomigdbdabdyizpbDyixbyiomjbyfzbz.ddim,
“AgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqim;”bogjbqyigbyibnaakijboua.dbyfz,bfd
ivfjigdnxbqohbsambdyibhdmagrbsamdmihh-qonnhbqyfcybyojbnagrbigcazlohhij
yfzpbAgbdyifmbmiocyfgrbdyibca.mdxomjbyibfghdfgcdfvinxbondimijbyfh
dmioj,bohbuifgrbfgbielicdodfagbasbobjmoqumfjri;bogjbqyigbdyimibqoh
gabjmoqumfjri,bogjbyibhoqbdyibcommforibqofdfgrbfgbdyibaligbhdmiid,byi
jmallijbyfhbjo.rydim'hbyogjbogjbcnohlijbyfhbyiojborofgp

Gabcmaqjbqohboua.dbdyibjaam;bgablialnibqimibjfhcimgfunibodbogxbasbdyi
zogxbqfgjaqh;bgadbivigbobcyogciblohhimuxbqohbfgbdyibhdmiidpbOgb.ggod.mon
hfnigcibogjbjihimdfagbmifrgijbdyimipbAgnxbagibha.nbqohbdabuibhiig,bogj
dyodbqohbZojozibJisomri--qyabniogijborofghdbdyibjaam-lahd,bkgfddfgr,bogj
hoqbgadyfgrp

Dyiblmfhagimbyojbradbfgdabobcaocy,bogjbyfhbjo.rydimbyojbsannaqij
yfz,bqyigbZmpbNammx'hbsiidbqimibommihdijbagbdyibhdilbuxbyfhbohkfgr,
zfhimounx,bsambyfhbhyaizokfgrbdaanhbogjbdyib.gsfgfhyijbhyaihpbZojozi
Jisomribfzzijfodinxbconnijbdabyimby.huogjbdyodbhyibqa.njbridbdyiz,bogj
qigd,bkgfddfgr,ba.dbasbdyibnozlnfryd,bdyma.rybdyibca.mdxomjpbHyibw.fcknx
uma.rydbdyizbjaqgbogjbyogjijbdyizbfg;--ogjbfzzijfodinxbosdimqomjhbniogij
orofghdbdyibjaam-lahd,bkgfddfgr,bogjbhoqbgadyfgrp

Jisomribradb.lagbdyibuae,bogjbrovibdyibqamjb“DabdyibUommfim!”bDyi
lahdfnfagbcmockijbyfhbqyfl,bogjbdyixbcnoddimijboqoxb.gjimbdyibsiiuni
avim-hqfgrfgrbnozlhp

.gjimbdyibavim-hqfgrfgrbnozlh--hqfgrfgrbivimbumfrydimbfgbdyibuiddim
hdmiidh,bogjbivimbjfzzimbfgbdyibqamhi--ogjbuxbnfrydijbhyalh,broxbcmaqjh,
fnn.zfgodijbcassii-ya.hih,bogjbdyiodmi-jaamh,bdabagibasbdyibcfdx
rodihpbHanjfimhbqfdybnogdimgh,bodbdyibr.omj-ya.hibdyimipb“Xa.mblolimh,
dmovinnimh!”b“Hiibyimibdyig,bZaghfi.mbdyibAssfcim,”bhofjbJisomri,
riddfgrbjaqg,bogjbdokfgrbyfzbrmovinxbolomd,b“dyihibomibdyiblolimhbas
zaghfi.mbfghfji,bqfdybdyibqyfdibyiojpbDyixbqimibcaghfrgijbdabzi,bqfdy
yfz,bodbdyi--”bYibjmallijbyfhbvafci,bdyimibqohbobsn.ddimbozagrbdyi
zfnfdomxbnogdimgh,bogjbagibasbdyizbuifgrbyogjijbfgdabdyibcaocybuxbogbomz
fgb.gfsamz,bdyibixihbcaggicdijbqfdybdyibomzbnaakij,bgadbogbivimxbjox
ambogbivimxbgfrydbnaak,bodbzaghfi.mbqfdybdyibqyfdibyiojpb“Fdbfhbqinnp
Samqomj!”bsmazbdyib.gfsamzpb“Ojfi.!”bsmazbJisomripbOgjbha,b.gjimbobhyamd
rmavibasbsiiunimbogjbsiiunimbavim-hqfgrfgrbnozlh,ba.db.gjimbdyibrmiod
rmavibasbhdomhp

Uigiodybdyodbomcybasb.gzavijbogjbidimgonbnfrydh;bhazi,bhabmizadibsmaz
dyfhbnfddnibiomdybdyodbdyibniomgijbdinnb.hbfdbfhbja.uds.nbqyidyimbdyifm
moxhbyovibivigbxidbjfhcavimijbfd,bohboblafgdbfgbhlocibqyimibogxdyfgr
fhbh.ssimijbambjagi:bdyibhyojaqhbasbdyibgfrydbqimibumaojbogjbunockp
Onnbdyma.rybdyibcanjbogjbmihdnihhbfgdimvon,b.gdfnbjoqg,bdyixbagcibzami
qyfhlimijbfgbdyibiomhbasbZmpb omvfhbNammx--hfddfgrballahfdibdyibu.mfij
zogbqyabyojbuiigbj.rba.d,bogjbqagjimfgrbqyodbh.udniblaqimhbqimibsambivim
nahdbdabyfz,bogjbqyodbqimibcolounibasbmihdamodfag--dyibanjbfgw.fmx:

“Fbyalibxa.bcomibdabuibmiconnijbdabnfsi?”

Ogjbdyibanjboghqim:

“Fbcog'dbhoxp”


Dyibigjbasbdyibsfmhdbuaakp





UaakbdyibHicagj--dyibRanjigbDymioj




FpbSfvibXiomhbNodim


Dinnhag'hbUogkbuxbDizlnibUombqohbogbanj-sohyfagijblnoci,bivigbfgbdyi
xiombagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbifrydxpbFdbqohbvimxbhzonn,bvimx
jomk,bvimxb.rnx,bvimxbfgcazzajfa.hpbFdbqohbogbanj-sohyfagijblnoci,
zamiavim,bfgbdyibzamonboddmfu.dibdyodbdyiblomdgimhbfgbdyibYa.hibqimi
lma.jbasbfdhbhzonngihh,blma.jbasbfdhbjomkgihh,blma.jbasbfdhb.rnfgihh,
lma.jbasbfdhbfgcazzajfa.hgihhpbDyixbqimibivigbuaohds.nbasbfdhbizfgigci
fgbdyahiblomdfc.nomh,bogjbqimibsfmijbuxbogbielmihhbcagvfcdfagbdyod,bfs
fdbqimibnihhbau icdfagouni,bfdbqa.njbuibnihhbmihlicdounipbDyfhbqoh
gablohhfvibuinfis,bu.dbogbocdfvibqiolagbqyfcybdyixbsnohyijbodbzami
cagvigfigdblnocihbasbu.hfgihhpbDinnhag'hb(dyixbhofj)bqogdij
gabinuaq-maaz,bDinnhag'hbqogdijbgabnfryd,bDinnhag'hbqogdijbga
izuinnfhyzigdpbGaokihbogjbCap'hbzfryd,bambHgaakhbUmadyimh'bzfryd;bu.d
Dinnhag'h,bdyogkbYiovig--!

Ogxbagibasbdyihiblomdgimhbqa.njbyovibjfhfgyimfdijbyfhbhagbagbdyi
w.ihdfagbasbmiu.fnjfgrbDinnhag'hpbFgbdyfhbmihlicdbdyibYa.hibqohbz.cy
agboblombqfdybdyibCa.gdmx;bqyfcybjfjbvimxbasdigbjfhfgyimfdbfdhbhaghbsam
h.rrihdfgrbfzlmavizigdhbfgbnoqhbogjbc.hdazhbdyodbyojbnagrbuiigbyfrynx
au icdfagouni,bu.dbqimibagnxbdyibzamibmihlicdounip

Dy.hbfdbyojbcazibdablohh,bdyodbDinnhag'hbqohbdyibdmf.zlyogdblimsicdfag
asbfgcagvigfigcipbOsdimbu.mhdfgrbaligbobjaambasbfjfadfcbauhdfgocxbqfdy
obqiokbmoddnibfgbfdhbdymaod,bxa.bsinnbfgdabDinnhag'hbjaqgbdqabhdilh,
ogjbcozibdabxa.mbhighihbfgbobzfhimounibnfddnibhyal,bqfdybdqabnfddni
ca.gdimh,bqyimibdyibanjihdbasbzigbzojibxa.mbcyiw.ibhyokibohbfsbdyi
qfgjbm.hdnijbfd,bqyfnibdyixbieozfgijbdyibhfrgod.mibuxbdyibjfgrfihdbas
qfgjaqh,bqyfcybqimibonqoxhb.gjimbobhyaqim-uodybasbz.jbsmazbSniid-hdmiid,
ogjbqyfcybqimibzojibdyibjfgrfimbuxbdyifmbaqgbfmagbuomhblmalim,bogjbdyi
yiovxbhyojaqbasbDizlnibUompbFsbxa.mbu.hfgihhbgicihhfdodijbxa.mbhiifgr
“dyibYa.hi,”bxa.bqimibl.dbfgdabobhlicfihbasbCagjizgijbYanjbodbdyibuock,
qyimibxa.bzijfdodijbagbobzfhhligdbnfsi,b.gdfnbdyibYa.hibcozibqfdybfdh
yogjhbfgbfdhblackidh,bogjbxa.bca.njbyomjnxbunfgkbodbfdbfgbdyibjfhzon
dqfnfrydpbXa.mbzagixbcoziba.dbas,bambqigdbfgda,bqamzxbanjbqaajig
jmoqimh,blomdfcnihbasbqyfcybsniqb.lbxa.mbgahibogjbjaqgbxa.mbdymaodbqyig
dyixbqimibaligijbogjbhy.dpbXa.mbuogk-gadihbyojbobz.hdxbaja.m,bohbfsbdyix
qimibsohdbjicazlahfgrbfgdabmorhborofgpbXa.mblnodibqohbhdaqijboqoxbozagr
dyibgifryua.mfgrbcihhlaanh,bogjbivfnbcazz.gfcodfaghbcamm.ldijbfdhbraaj
lanfhybfgbobjoxbambdqapbXa.mbjiijhbradbfgdabiedizlamfhijbhdmagr-maazh
zojibasbkfdcyighbogjbhc.nnimfih,bogjbsmiddijbonnbdyibsodba.dbasbdyifm
lomcyzigdhbfgdabdyibuogkfgr-ya.hibofmpbXa.mbnfrydimbuaeihbasbsozfnx
lolimhbqigdb.l-hdofmhbfgdabobUomzicfjibmaaz,bdyodbonqoxhbyojbobrmiod
jfgfgr-dounibfgbfdbogjbgivimbyojbobjfggim,bogjbqyimi,bivigbfgbdyibxiom
agibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbifrydx,bdyibsfmhdbniddimhbqmfddigbdabxa.
uxbxa.mbanjbnavi,bambuxbxa.mbnfddnibcyfnjmig,bqimibu.dbgiqnxbminiohij
smazbdyibyammambasbuifgrbarnijbdyma.rybdyibqfgjaqh,buxbdyibyiojh
ielahijbagbDizlnibUombqfdybogbfghighodibum.donfdxbogjbsimacfdxbqamdyxbas
OuxhhfgfobambOhyogdiip

U.dbfgjiij,bodbdyodbdfzi,bl.ddfgrbdabjiodybqohbobmicflibz.cybfgbvar.i
qfdybonnbdmojihbogjblmasihhfagh,bogjbgadbniohdbasbonnbqfdybDinnhag'hp
JiodybfhbGod.mi'hbmizijxbsambonnbdyfgrh,bogjbqyxbgadbNirfhnodfag'h?
Occamjfgrnx,bdyibsamrimbqohbl.dbdabJiody;bdyib.ddimimbasbobuojbgadi
qohbl.dbdabJiody;bdyib.gnoqs.nbaligimbasbobniddimbqohbl.dbdabJiody;bdyi
l.mnafgimbasbsamdxbhyfnnfgrhbogjbhfeligcibqohbl.dbdabJiody;bdyibyanjim
asbobyamhibodbDinnhag'hbjaam,bqyabzojibassbqfdybfd,bqohbl.dbda
Jiody;bdyibcafgimbasbobuojbhyfnnfgrbqohbl.dbdabJiody;bdyibha.gjimhbas
dymii-sa.mdyhbasbdyibgadihbfgbdyibqyanibroz.dbasbCmfzi,bqimibl.dbda
JiodypbGadbdyodbfdbjfjbdyibniohdbraajbfgbdyibqoxbasblmivigdfag--fd
zfrydbonzahdbyovibuiigbqamdybmizomkfgrbdyodbdyibsocdbqohbieocdnxbdyi
mivimhi--u.d,bfdbcniomijbassb(ohbdabdyfhbqamnj)bdyibdma.unibasbiocy
lomdfc.nombcohi,bogjbnisdbgadyfgrbinhibcaggicdijbqfdybfdbdabuibnaakij
osdimpbDy.h,bDinnhag'h,bfgbfdhbjox,bnfkibrmiodimblnocihbasbu.hfgihh,
fdhbcagdizlamomfih,byojbdokigbhabzogxbnfvih,bdyod,bfsbdyibyiojhbnofj
naqbuisamibfdbyojbuiigbmogrijbagbDizlnibUombfghdiojbasbuifgrblmfvodinx
jfhlahijbas,bdyixbqa.njblmauounxbyovibiecn.jijbqyodbnfddnibnfrydbdyi
rma.gjbsnaambyoj,bfgbobmodyimbhfrgfsfcogdbzoggimp

Cmozlijbfgbonnbkfgjhbasbjfzbc.luaomjhbogjby.dcyihbodbDinnhag'h,bdyi
anjihdbasbzigbcommfijbagbdyibu.hfgihhbrmovinxpbQyigbdyixbdaakbobxa.gr
zogbfgdabDinnhag'hbNagjagbya.hi,bdyixbyfjbyfzbhaziqyimibdfnnbyibqoh
anjpbDyixbkildbyfzbfgbobjomkblnoci,bnfkibobcyiihi,b.gdfnbyibyojbdyibs.nn
Dinnhagbsnova.mbogjbun.i-za.njb.lagbyfzpbDyigbagnxbqohbyiblimzfddijbda
uibhiig,bhlicdoc.nomnxblamfgrbavimbnomribuaakh,bogjbcohdfgrbyfhbumiicyih
ogjbrofdimhbfgdabdyibrigimonbqifrydbasbdyibihdounfhyzigdp

A.dhfjibDinnhag'h--givimbuxbogxbzioghbfgbfd,b.gnihhbconnijbfg--qohbog
ajj- au-zog,bogbaccohfagonblamdimbogjbzihhigrim,bqyabhimvijbohbdyibnfvi
hfrgbasbdyibya.hipbYibqohbgivimbouhigdbj.mfgrbu.hfgihhbya.mh,b.gnihh
.lagbogbimmogj,bogjbdyigbyibqohbmilmihigdijbuxbyfhbhag:bobrmfhnxb.mcyfg
asbdqinvi,bqyabqohbyfhbielmihhbfzoripbLialnib.gjimhdaajbdyodbDinnhag'h,
fgbobhdodinxbqox,bdanimodijbdyibajj- au-zogpbDyibya.hibyojbonqoxh
danimodijbhaziblimhagbfgbdyodbcolocfdx,bogjbdfzibogjbdfjibyojbjmfsdij
dyfhblimhagbdabdyiblahdpbYfhbh.mgozibqohbCm.gcyim,bogjbagbdyibxa.dys.n
accohfagbasbyfhbmiga.gcfgrbuxblmaexbdyibqamkhbasbjomkgihh,bfgbdyi
iohdimnxblomfhybcy.mcybasbYa.ghjfdcy,byibyojbmicifvijbdyibojjij
ollinnodfagbasb immxp

DyibhcigibqohbZmpbCm.gcyim'hblmfvodibnajrfgrbfgbYogrfgr-hqamj-onnix,
Qyfdismfomh:bdyibdfzi,byons-lohdbhivigbasbdyibcnackbagbobqfgjxbZomcy
zamgfgr,bOggabJazfgfbhivigdiigby.gjmijbogjbifrydxpb(ZmpbCm.gcyimbyfzhins
onqoxhbhlakibasbdyibxiombasba.mbNamjbohbOggobJazfgaih:bollomigdnxb.gjim
dyibfzlmihhfagbdyodbdyibCymfhdfogbimobjodijbsmazbdyibfgvigdfagbasbo
lal.nombrozi,buxbobnojxbqyabyojbuihdaqijbyimbgozib.lagbfdp)

ZmpbCm.gcyim'hbolomdzigdhbqimibgadbfgbobhova.mxbgifryua.myaaj,bogjbqimi
u.dbdqabfgbg.zuim,bivigbfsbobcnahidbqfdybobhfgrniblogibasbrnohhbfgbfd
zfrydbuibca.gdijbohbagipbU.dbdyixbqimibvimxbjicigdnxbkildpbIomnxboh
fdbqoh,bagbdyibqfgjxbZomcybzamgfgr,bdyibmaazbfgbqyfcybyibnoxbouijbqoh
onmiojxbhcm.uuijbdyma.rya.d;bogjbuidqiigbdyibc.lhbogjbho.cimhbommogrij
sambumioksohd,bogjbdyibn.zuimfgrbjionbdouni,bobvimxbcniogbqyfdibcnady
qohbhlmiojp

ZmpbCm.gcyimbmilahijb.gjimboblodcyqamkbca.gdimlogi,bnfkibobYomniw.fg
odbyazipbOdbsfmhd,byibhnildbyiovfnx,bu.d,buxbjirmiih,buirogbdabmann
ogjbh.mribfgbuij,b.gdfnbyibmahibouavibdyibh.msoci,bqfdybyfhbhlfkxbyofm
naakfgrbohbfsbfdbz.hdbdiombdyibhyiidhbdabmfuuaghpbOdbqyfcyb .gcd.mi,byi
iecnofzij,bfgbobvafcibasbjfmibieohlimodfag:

“U.hdbzi,bfsbhyibofg'dbodbfdborfg!”

Obqazogbasbamjimnxbogjbfgj.hdmfa.hbolliomogcibmahibsmazbyimbkgiihbfgbo
camgim,bqfdybh.ssfcfigdbyohdibogjbdmilfjodfagbdabhyaqbdyodbhyibqohbdyi
limhagbmisimmijbdap

“Qyod!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bnaakfgrba.dbasbuijbsambobuaadpb“Xa.'mibodbfd
orfg,bomibxa.?”

Osdimbyofnfgrbdyibzamgbqfdybdyfhbhicagjbhon.dodfag,byibdymiqbobuaadbod
dyibqazogbohbobdyfmjpbFdbqohbobvimxbz.jjxbuaad,bogjbzoxbfgdmaj.cibdyi
ajjbcfmc.zhdogcibcaggicdijbqfdybZmpbCm.gcyim'hbjazihdfcbicagazx,bdyod,
qyimiohbyibasdigbcozibyazibosdimbuogkfgrbya.mhbqfdybcniogbuaadh,byi
asdigbradb.lbgiedbzamgfgrbdabsfgjbdyibhozibuaadhbcavimijbqfdybcnoxp

“Qyod,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bvomxfgrbyfhbolahdmalyibosdimbzfhhfgrbyfh
zomk--“qyodbomibxa.b.lbda,bOrrimoqoxdim?”

“Fbqohbagnxbhoxfgrbzxblmoximhp”

“Hoxfgrbxa.mblmoximh!bXa.'mibobgfcibqazog!bQyodbjabxa.bziogbuxbsnallfgr
xa.mhinsbjaqgbogjblmoxfgrborfgbzi?”

“Fbqohbgadblmoxfgrborofghdbxa.;bFbqohblmoxfgrbsambxa.p”

“Xa.bqimig'dpbOgjbfsbxa.bqimi,bFbqag'dbuibdaakbdyibnfuimdxbqfdypbYimi!
xa.mbzadyim'hbobgfcibqazog,bxa.grb immx,brafgrboblmoxfgrborfgbxa.m
sodyim'hblmahlimfdxpbXa.'vibradbobj.dfs.nbzadyim,bxa.byovi,bzxbhagp
Xa.'vibradbobminfrfa.hbzadyim,bxa.byovi,bzxbuax:brafgrbogjbsnallfgr
yimhinsbjaqg,bogjblmoxfgrbdyodbdyibumioj-ogj-u.ddimbzoxbuibhgodcyijba.d
asbdyibza.dybasbyimbagnxbcyfnjp”

ZohdimbCm.gcyimb(qyabqohbfgbyfhbhyfmd)bdaakbdyfhbvimxbfnn,bogj,bd.mgfgr
dabyfhbzadyim,bhdmagrnxbjilmicodijbogxblmoxfgrboqoxbasbyfhblimhagon
uaomjp

“Ogjbqyodbjabxa.bh.llahi,bxa.bcagcifdijbsizoni,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdy
.gcaghcfa.hbfgcaghfhdigcx,b“dyodbdyibqamdybasb_xa.m_blmoximhbzoxbui?
Gozibdyiblmfcibdyodbxa.bl.db_xa.m_blmoximhbod!”

“Dyixbagnxbcazibsmazbdyibyiomd,b immxpbDyixbomibqamdybgabzamibdyog
dyodp”

“Qamdybgabzamibdyogbdyod,”bmiliodijbZmpbCm.gcyimpb“Dyixbofg'dbqamdy
z.cy,bdyigpbQyidyimbambga,bFbqag'dbuiblmoxijborfg,bFbdinnbxa.pbFbcog'd
ossamjbfdpbF'zbgadbobrafgrbdabuibzojib.gn.ckxbuxb_xa.m_bhgiokfgrpbFs
xa.bz.hdbrabsnallfgrbxa.mhinsbjaqg,bsnalbfgbsova.mbasbxa.mby.huogjbogj
cyfnj,bogjbgadbfgballahfdfagbdab'izpbFsbFbyojbyojbogxbu.dbob.ggod'mon
qfsi,bogjbdyfhblaambuaxbyojbyojbogxbu.dbob.ggod'monbzadyim,bFbzfryd
yovibzojibhazibzagixbnohdbqiikbfghdiojbasbuifgrbca.gdim-lmoxijbogj
ca.gdimzfgijbogjbminfrfa.hnxbcfmc.zqigdijbfgdabdyibqamhdbasbn.ckp
U-.-.-.hdbzi!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqyabonnbdyfhbdfzibyojbuiigbl.ddfgr
agbyfhbcnadyih,b“fsbFbofg'd,bqyodbqfdyblfidxbogjbagibunaqijbdyfgrbogj
ogadyim,buiigbcya.hijbdyfhbnohdbqiikbfgdabohbuojbn.ckbohbivimboblaam
jivfnbasbobyagihdbdmojihzogbzidbqfdy!bXa.grb immx,bjmihhbxa.mhins,bzx
uax,bogjbqyfnibFbcniogbzxbuaadhbkiilbobixib.lagbxa.mbzadyimbgaqbogj
dyig,bogjbfsbxa.bhiibogxbhfrghbasbzamibsnallfgr,brfvibzibobconnpbSam,bF
dinnbxa.,”byimibyibojjmihhijbyfhbqfsibagcibzami,b“Fbqag'dbuibragiborfg,
fgbdyfhbzoggimpbFbozbohbmfckidxbohbobyockgix-caocy,bF'zbohbhniilxboh
no.jog.z,bzxbnfgihbfhbhdmofgijbdabdyodbjirmiibdyodbFbhya.njg'dbkgaq,bfs
fdbqohg'dbsambdyiblofgbfgb'iz,bqyfcybqohbzibogjbqyfcybhaziuajxbinhi,bxid
F'zbgagibdyibuiddimbsambfdbfgblackid;bogjbfd'hbzxbh.hlfcfagbdyodbxa.'vi
uiigbodbfdbsmazbzamgfgrbdabgfrydbdablmivigdbzibsmazbuifgrbdyibuiddimbsam
fdbfgblackid,bogjbFbqag'dbl.db.lbqfdybfd,bOrrimoqoxdim,bogjbqyodbjabxa.
hoxbgaq!”

Rmaqnfgr,bfgbojjfdfag,bh.cyblymohihbohb“Oy!bxih!bXa.'mibminfrfa.h,bdaap
Xa.bqa.njg'dbl.dbxa.mhinsbfgballahfdfagbdabdyibfgdimihdhbasbxa.mby.huogj
ogjbcyfnj,bqa.njbxa.?bGadbxa.!”bogjbdymaqfgrbassbadyimbhomcohdfcbhlomkh
smazbdyibqyfmnfgrbrmfgjhdagibasbyfhbfgjfrgodfag,bZmpbCm.gcyimbuidaak
yfzhinsbdabyfhbuaad-cniogfgrbogjbyfhbrigimonblmilomodfagbsambu.hfgihhp
Fgbdyibziogdfzi,byfhbhag,bqyahibyiojbqohbromgfhyijbqfdybdigjimimbhlfkih,
ogjbqyahibxa.grbixihbhdaajbcnahibuxbagibogadyim,bohbyfhbsodyim'hbjfj,
kildbdyibmiw.fmijbqodcyb.lagbyfhbzadyimpbYibrmiodnxbjfhd.muijbdyodblaam
qazogbodbfgdimvonh,buxbjomdfgrba.dbasbyfhbhniilfgrbcnahid,bqyimibyibzoji
yfhbdafnid,bqfdybobh.llmihhijbcmxbasb“Xa.bomibrafgrbdabsnal,bzadyimp
--Yonnao,bsodyim!”bogj,bosdimbmofhfgrbdyfhbsfcdfdfa.hbonomz,bjomdfgrbfg
orofgbqfdybogb.gj.dfs.nbrmfgp

ZmpbCm.gcyim'hbdizlimbqohbgadbodbonnbfzlmavijbqyigbyibcozibdabyfh
umioksohdpbYibmihigdijbZmhpbCm.gcyim'hbhoxfgrbrmocibqfdyblomdfc.nom
ogfzahfdxp

“Gaq,bOrrimoqoxdim!bQyodbomibxa.b.lbda?bOdbfdborofg?”

Yfhbqfsibielnofgijbdyodbhyibyojbziminxb“ohkijbobunihhfgrp”

“Jag'dbjabfd!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyihbnaakfgrboua.d,bohbfsbyibmodyimbielicdij
dabhiibdyibnaosbjfholliomb.gjimbdyibissfcocxbasbyfhbqfsi'hblidfdfaghpb“F
ofg'dbobrafgrbdabuibunihdba.dbasbya.hibogjbyazipbFbqag'dbyovibzxbqfddnih
unihdbassbzxbdounipbKiilbhdfnn!”

Ieciijfgrnxbmij-ixijbogjbrmfz,bohbfsbyibyojbuiigb.lbonnbgfrydbodboblomdx
qyfcybyojbdokigbogxdyfgrbu.dbobcagvfvfonbd.mg,b immxbCm.gcyimbqammfij
yfhbumioksohdbmodyimbdyogbodibfd,brmaqnfgrbavimbfdbnfkibogxbsa.m-saadij
fgzodibasbobzigorimfipbDaqomjhbgfgiba'cnackbyibhzaadyijbyfhbm.ssnij
ohlicd,bogj,blmihigdfgrbohbmihlicdounibogjbu.hfgihh-nfkibogbiedimfamboh
yibca.njbavimnoxbyfhbgod.monbhinsbqfdy,bfhh.ijbsamdybdabdyibacc.lodfag
asbdyibjoxp

Fdbca.njbhcomcinxbuibconnijbobdmoji,bfgbhlfdibasbyfhbsova.mfdi
jihcmfldfagbasbyfzhinsbohb“obyagihdbdmojihzogp”bYfhbhdackbcaghfhdijbas
obqaajigbhdaan,bzojiba.dbasbobumakig-uockijbcyofmbc.dbjaqg,bqyfcybhdaan,
xa.grb immx,bqonkfgrbodbyfhbsodyim'hbhfji,bcommfijbivimxbzamgfgrbda
uigiodybdyibuogkfgr-ya.hibqfgjaqbdyodbqohbgiomihdbDizlnibUom:bqyimi,
qfdybdyibojjfdfagbasbdyibsfmhdbyogjs.nbasbhdmoqbdyodbca.njbuibrniogij
smazbogxblohhfgrbviyfcnibdabkiilbdyibcanjbogjbqidbsmazbdyibajj- au-zog'h
siid,bfdbsamzijbdyibigcozlzigdbsambdyibjoxpbAgbdyfhblahdbasbyfh,bZmp
Cm.gcyimbqohbohbqinnbkgaqgbdabSniid-hdmiidbogjbdyibDizlni,bohbdyibUom
fdhins,--ogjbqohbonzahdbohbfg-naakfgrp

Igcozlijbodbobw.omdimbuisamibgfgi,bfgbraajbdfzibdabda.cybyfh
dymii-camgimijbyodbdabdyibanjihdbasbzigbohbdyixblohhijbfgbdabDinnhag'h,
 immxbdaakb.lbyfhbhdodfagbagbdyfhbqfgjxbZomcybzamgfgr,bqfdybxa.grb immx
hdogjfgrbuxbyfz,bqyigbgadbigrorijbfgbzokfgrbsamoxhbdyma.rybdyibUom,bda
fgsnfcdbuajfnxbogjbzigdonbfg .mfihbasbogboc.dibjihcmfldfagbagblohhfgr
uaxhbqyabqimibhzonnbiga.rybsambyfhbozfounibl.mlahipbSodyimbogjbhag,
iedmizinxbnfkibiocybadyim,bnaakfgrbhfnigdnxbagbodbdyibzamgfgrbdmossfc
fgbSniid-hdmiid,bqfdybdyifmbdqabyiojhbohbgiombdabagibogadyimbohbdyibdqa
ixihbasbiocybqimi,buamibobcaghfjimounibmihizunogcibdaboblofmbasbzagkixhp
Dyibmihizunogcibqohbgadbnihhigijbuxbdyiboccfjigdonbcfmc.zhdogci,bdyod
dyibzod.mib immxbufdbogjbhlodba.dbhdmoq,bqyfnibdyibdqfgknfgrbixihbasbdyi
xa.dys.nb immxbqimibohbmihdnihhnxbqodcys.nbasbyfzbohbasbivimxdyfgrbinhi
fgbSniid-hdmiidp

Dyibyiojbasbagibasbdyibmir.nombfgjaambzihhigrimhboddocyijbdabDinnhag'h
ihdounfhyzigdbqohbl.dbdyma.rybdyibjaam,bogjbdyibqamjbqohbrfvig:

“Lamdimbqogdij!”

“Yaamox,bsodyim!bYimi'hbogbiomnxb aubdabuirfgbqfdy!”

Yovfgrbdy.hbrfvigbyfhblomigdbRajbhliij,bxa.grb immxbhiodijbyfzhinsbag
dyibhdaan,bigdimijbagbyfhbmivimhfagomxbfgdimihdbfgbdyibhdmoqbyfhbsodyim
yojbuiigbcyiqfgr,bogjbcarfdodijp

“On-qoxhbm.hdx!bYfhbsfgrimhbfhbon-qoxhbm.hdx!”bz.ddimijbxa.grb immxp
“Qyimibjaihbzxbsodyimbridbonnbdyodbfmagbm.hdbsmaz?bYibjag'dbridbgabfmag
m.hdbyimi!”




FFpbObHfryd


“Xa.bkgaqbdyibAnjbUofnixbqinn,bgabja.ud?”bhofjbagibasbdyibanjihdbas
cnimkhbdab immxbdyibzihhigrimp

“Xi-ih,bhfm,”bmid.mgijb immx,bfgbhazidyfgrbasbobjarrijbzoggimpb“Fb_ja_
kgaqbdyibUofnixp”

“ .hdbhapbOgjbxa.bkgaqbZmpbNammxp”

“FbkgaqbZmpbNammx,bhfm,bz.cybuiddimbdyogbFbkgaqbdyibUofnixpbZ.cy
uiddim,”bhofjb immx,bgadb.gnfkibobmin.cdogdbqfdgihhbodbdyibihdounfhyzigd
fgbw.ihdfag,b“dyogbF,bohbobyagihdbdmojihzog,bqfhybdabkgaqbdyibUofnixp”

“VimxbqinnpbSfgjbdyibjaambqyimibdyibqfdgihhihbrabfg,bogjbhyaqbdyi
jaam-kiilimbdyfhbgadibsambZmpbNammxpbYibqfnnbdyigbnidbxa.bfgp”

“Fgdabdyibca.md,bhfm?”

“Fgdabdyibca.mdp”

ZmpbCm.gcyim'hbixihbhiizijbdabridbobnfddnibcnahimbdabagibogadyim,bogjbda
fgdimcyogribdyibfgw.fmx,b“Qyodbjabxa.bdyfgkbasbdyfh?”

“OzbFbdabqofdbfgbdyibca.md,bhfm?”byibohkij,bohbdyibmih.ndbasbdyod
cagsimigcip

“Fbozbrafgrbdabdinnbxa.pbDyibjaam-kiilimbqfnnblohhbdyibgadibdabZmp
Nammx,bogjbjabxa.bzokibogxbrihd.mibdyodbqfnnboddmocdbZmpbNammx'h
oddigdfag,bogjbhyaqbyfzbqyimibxa.bhdogjpbDyigbqyodbxa.byovibdabja,bfh,
dabmizofgbdyimib.gdfnbyibqogdhbxa.p”

“Fhbdyodbonn,bhfm?”

“Dyod'hbonnpbYibqfhyihbdabyovibobzihhigrimbodbyogjpbDyfhbfhbdabdinnbyfz
xa.bomibdyimip”

Ohbdyibogcfigdbcnimkbjinfuimodinxbsanjijbogjbh.limhcmfuijbdyibgadi,
ZmpbCm.gcyim,bosdimbh.mvixfgrbyfzbfgbhfnigcib.gdfnbyibcozibdabdyi
unaddfgr-lolimbhdori,bmizomkij:

“Fbh.llahibdyix'nnbuibdmxfgrbSamrimfihbdyfhbzamgfgr?”

“Dmiohag!”

“Dyod'hbw.omdimfgr,”bhofjb immxpb“Uomuoma.h!”

“Fdbfhbdyibnoq,”bmizomkijbdyibogcfigdbcnimk,bd.mgfgrbyfhbh.mlmfhij
hlicdocnihb.lagbyfzpb“Fdbfhbdyibnoqp”

“Fd'hbyomjbfgbdyibnoqbdabhlfnibobzog,bFbdyfgkpbFd'hbyomjbiga.rybdabkfnn
yfz,bu.dbfd'hbqimxbyomjbdabhlfnibyfz,bhfmp”

“Gadbodbonn,”bmidofgijbdyibogcfigdbcnimkpb“HliokbqinnbasbdyibnoqpbDoki
comibasbxa.mbcyihdbogjbvafci,bzxbraajbsmfigj,bogjbniovibdyibnoqbdabdoki
comibasbfdhinspbFbrfvibxa.bdyodbojvfcip”

“Fd'hbdyibjozl,bhfm,bqyodbhiddnihbagbzxbcyihdbogjbvafci,”bhofjb immxpb“F
niovibxa.bdab .jribqyodbobjozlbqoxbasbiomgfgrbobnfvfgrbzfgibfhp”

“Qinn,bqinn,”bhofjbdyibanjbcnimk;b“qibonnbyoviba.mbvomfa.hbqoxhbas
rofgfgrbobnfvinfyaajpbHazibasb.hbyovibjozlbqoxh,bogjbhazibasb.hbyovibjmx
qoxhpbYimibfhbdyibniddimpbRabonagrp”

 immxbdaakbdyibniddim,bogj,bmizomkfgrbdabyfzhinsbqfdybnihhbfgdimgon
jisimigcibdyogbyibzojibogba.dqomjbhyaqbas,b“Xa.bomibobniogbanjbagi,
daa,”bzojibyfhbuaq,bfgsamzijbyfhbhag,bfgblohhfgr,basbyfhbjihdfgodfag,
ogjbqigdbyfhbqoxp

DyixbyogrijbodbDxu.mg,bfgbdyahibjoxh,bhabdyibhdmiidba.dhfjibGiqrodibyoj
gadbaudofgijbagibfgsoza.hbgadamfidxbdyodbyohbhfgciboddocyijbdabfdp
U.d,bdyibroanbqohbobvfniblnoci,bfgbqyfcybzahdbkfgjhbasbjiuo.cyimxbogj
vfnnofgxbqimiblmocdfhij,bogjbqyimibjfmibjfhiohihbqimibumij,bdyodbcozi
fgdabca.mdbqfdybdyiblmfhagimh,bogjbhazidfzihbm.hyijbhdmofrydbsmazbdyi
jackbodbzxbNamjbCyfisb .hdfcibyfzhins,bogjbl.nnijbyfzbassbdyibuigcypbFd
yojbzamibdyogbagcibyolligij,bdyodbdyib .jribfgbdyibunockbcolblmaga.gcij
yfhbaqgbjaazbohbcimdofgnxbohbdyiblmfhagim'h,bogjbivigbjfijbuisamibyfzp
Sambdyibmihd,bdyibAnjbUofnixbqohbsoza.hbohbobkfgjbasbjiojnxbfgg-xomj,
smazbqyfcyblonibdmovinnimhbhidba.dbcagdfg.onnx,bfgbcomdhbogjbcaocyih,bag
obvfanigdblohhoribfgdabdyibadyimbqamnj:bdmovimhfgrbhazibdqabzfnihbogjbo
yonsbasbl.unfcbhdmiidbogjbmaoj,bogjbhyozfgrbsiqbraajbcfdftigh,bfsbogxp
Hablaqims.nbfhb.hi,bogjbhabjihfmounibdabuibraajb.hibfgbdyibuirfggfgrpbFd
qohbsoza.h,bdaa,bsambdyiblfnnamx,bobqfhibanjbfghdfd.dfag,bdyodbfgsnfcdij
obl.gfhyzigdbasbqyfcybgabagibca.njbsamihiibdyibiedigd;bonha,bsam
dyibqyfllfgr-lahd,bogadyimbjiombanjbfghdfd.dfag,bvimxby.zogfhfgrbogj
hasdigfgrbdabuiyanjbfgbocdfag;bonha,bsambiedighfvibdmoghocdfaghbfg
unaaj-zagix,bogadyimbsmorzigdbasbogcihdmonbqfhjaz,bhxhdizodfconnx
niojfgrbdabdyibzahdbsmfryds.nbzimcigomxbcmfzihbdyodbca.njbuibcazzfddij
.gjimbYiovigpbOndaridyim,bdyibAnjbUofnix,bodbdyodbjodi,bqohbobcyafci
fnn.hdmodfagbasbdyiblmicild,bdyodb“Qyodivimbfhbfhbmfryd;”bogbolyamfhz
dyodbqa.njbuibohbsfgonbohbfdbfhbnotx,bjfjbfdbgadbfgcn.jibdyibdma.unihazi
caghiw.igci,bdyodbgadyfgrbdyodbivimbqoh,bqohbqmagrp

Zokfgrbyfhbqoxbdyma.rybdyibdofgdijbcmaqj,bjfhlimhijb.lbogjbjaqgbdyfh
yfjia.hbhcigibasbocdfag,bqfdybdyibhkfnnbasbobzogbocc.hdazijbdabzokibyfh
qoxbw.fidnx,bdyibzihhigrimbsa.gjba.dbdyibjaambyibha.ryd,bogjbyogjijbfg
yfhbniddimbdyma.rybobdmolbfgbfdpbSam,blialnibdyigblofjbdabhiibdyiblnox
odbdyibAnjbUofnix,b .hdbohbdyixblofjbdabhiibdyiblnoxbfgbUijnoz--agnxbdyi
samzimbigdimdofgzigdbqohbz.cybdyibjiomimpbDyimisami,bonnbdyibAnjbUofnix
jaamhbqimibqinnbr.omjij--iecild,bfgjiij,bdyibhacfonbjaamhbuxbqyfcybdyi
cmfzfgonhbradbdyimi,bogjbdyahibqimibonqoxhbnisdbqfjibaligp

Osdimbhazibjinoxbogjbjiz.m,bdyibjaambrm.jrfgrnxbd.mgijbagbfdhbyfgrihbo
vimxbnfddnibqox,bogjbonnaqijbZmpb immxbCm.gcyimbdabhw.iitibyfzhinsbfgda
ca.mdp

“Qyod'hbag?”byibohkij,bfgbobqyfhlim,basbdyibzogbyibsa.gjbyfzhinsbgied
dap

“Gadyfgrbxidp”

“Qyod'hbcazfgrbag?”

“DyibDmiohagbcohip”

“Dyibw.omdimfgrbagi,biy?”

“Oy!”bmid.mgijbdyibzog,bqfdybobminfhy;b“yi'nnbuibjmoqgbagboby.mjnibda
uibyonsbyogrij,bogjbdyigbyi'nnbuibdokigbjaqgbogjbhnfcijbuisamibyfhbaqg
soci,bogjbdyigbyfhbfghfjibqfnnbuibdokigba.dbogjbu.mgdbqyfnibyibnaakhbag,
ogjbdyigbyfhbyiojbqfnnbuibcyallijbass,bogjbyi'nnbuibc.dbfgdabw.omdimhp
Dyod'hbdyibhigdigcip”

“Fsbyi'hbsa.gjbR.fndx,bxa.bziogbdabhox?”b immxbojjij,buxbqoxbasblmavfhap

“Ay!bdyix'nnbsfgjbyfzbr.fndx,”bhofjbdyibadyimpb“Jag'dbxa.buibosmofjbas
dyodp”

ZmpbCm.gcyim'hboddigdfagbqohbyimibjfvimdijbdabdyibjaam-kiilim,bqyazbyi
hoqbzokfgrbyfhbqoxbdabZmpbNammx,bqfdybdyibgadibfgbyfhbyogjpbZmpbNammx
hodbodbobdouni,bozagrbdyibrigdnizigbfgbqfrh:bgadbsombsmazbobqfrrij
rigdnizog,bdyiblmfhagim'hbca.ghin,bqyabyojbobrmiodbu.gjnibasblolimh
uisamibyfz:bogjbgiomnxballahfdibogadyimbqfrrijbrigdnizogbqfdybyfhbyogjh
fgbyfhblackidh,bqyahibqyaniboddigdfag,bqyigbZmpbCm.gcyimbnaakijbodbyfz
dyigbambosdimqomjh,bhiizijbdabuibcagcigdmodijbagbdyibcifnfgrbasbdyi
ca.mdpbOsdimbhazibrm.ssbca.ryfgrbogjbm.uufgrbasbyfhbcyfgbogjbhfrgfgr
qfdybyfhbyogj,b immxboddmocdijbdyibgadfcibasbZmpbNammx,bqyabyojbhdaajb.l
dabnaakbsambyfz,bogjbqyabw.fidnxbgajjijbogjbhodbjaqgborofgp

“Qyod'hb_yi_bradbdabjabqfdybdyibcohi?”bohkijbdyibzogbyibyojbhlakigbqfdyp

“UnihdbfsbFbkgaq,”bhofjb immxp

“Qyodbyovib_xa._bradbdabjabqfdybfd,bdyig,bfsboblimhagbzoxbfgw.fmi?”

“UnihdbfsbFbkgaqbdyodbifdyim,”bhofjb immxp

Dyibigdmogcibasbdyib .jri,bogjbobcaghiw.igdbrmiodbhdfmbogjbhiddnfgr
jaqgbfgbdyibca.md,bhdallijbdyibjfonar.ipbLmihigdnx,bdyibjackbuicozibdyi
cigdmonblafgdbasbfgdimihdpbDqabroanimh,bqyabyojbuiigbhdogjfgrbdyimi,
qigdba.d,bogjbdyiblmfhagimbqohbuma.rydbfg,bogjbl.dbdabdyibuomp

Ivimxuajxblmihigd,biecildbdyibagibqfrrijbrigdnizogbqyabnaakijbodbdyi
cifnfgr,bhdomijbodbyfzpbOnnbdyiby.zogbumiodybfgbdyiblnoci,bmannij
odbyfz,bnfkibobhio,bambobqfgj,bambobsfmipbIorimbsocihbhdmofgijbma.gj
lfnnomhbogjbcamgimh,bdabridbobhfrydbasbyfz;bhlicdodamhbfgbuockbmaqh
hdaajb.l,bgadbdabzfhhbobyofmbasbyfz;blialnibagbdyibsnaambasbdyibca.md,
nofjbdyifmbyogjhbagbdyibhya.njimhbasbdyiblialnibuisamibdyiz,bdabyinl
dyizhinvih,bodbogxuajx'hbcahd,bdabobvfiqbasbyfz--hdaajbo-dfldai,brad
.lagbnijrih,bhdaajb.lagbgiedbdabgadyfgr,bdabhiibivimxbfgcybasbyfzp
Caghlfc.a.hbozagrbdyihibnoddim,bnfkibogbogfzodijbufdbasbdyibhlfkijbqonn
asbGiqrodi,b immxbhdaaj:bofzfgrbodbdyiblmfhagimbdyibuiimxbumiodybasbo
qyidbyibyojbdokigbohbyibcozibonagr,bogjbjfhcyomrfgrbfdbdabzfgrnibqfdy
dyibqovihbasbadyimbuiim,bogjbrfg,bogjbdio,bogjbcassii,bogjbqyodbgad,
dyodbsnaqijbodbyfz,bogjbonmiojxbumakib.lagbdyibrmiodbqfgjaqhbuiyfgjbyfz
fgbogbfzl.mibzfhdbogjbmofgp

Dyibau icdbasbonnbdyfhbhdomfgrbogjbunomfgr,bqohbobxa.grbzogbasboua.d
sfvi-ogj-dqigdx,bqinn-rmaqgbogjbqinn-naakfgr,bqfdybobh.gu.mgdbcyiikbogj
objomkbixipbYfhbcagjfdfagbqohbdyodbasbobxa.grbrigdnizogpbYibqohblnofgnx
jmihhijbfgbunock,bambvimxbjomkbrmix,bogjbyfhbyofm,bqyfcybqohbnagrbogj
jomk,bqohbrodyimijbfgbobmfuuagbodbdyibuockbasbyfhbgick;bzamibdabuiba.d
asbyfhbqoxbdyogbsambamgozigdpbOhbogbizadfagbasbdyibzfgjbqfnnbielmihh
fdhinsbdyma.rybogxbcavimfgrbasbdyibuajx,bhabdyiblonigihhbqyfcybyfh
hfd.odfagbigrigjimijbcozibdyma.rybdyibumaqgb.lagbyfhbcyiik,bhyaqfgrbdyi
ha.nbdabuibhdmagrimbdyogbdyibh.gpbYibqohbadyimqfhibw.fdibhins-lahhihhij,
uaqijbdabdyib .jri,bogjbhdaajbw.fidp

Dyibhamdbasbfgdimihdbqfdybqyfcybdyfhbzogbqohbhdomijbogjbumiodyijbod,
qohbgadbobhamdbdyodbinivodijby.zogfdxpbYojbyibhdaajbfgblimfnbasbobnihh
yammfunibhigdigci--yojbdyimibuiigbobcyogcibasbogxbagibasbfdhbhovori
jidofnhbuifgrbhlomij--uxb .hdbhabz.cybqa.njbyibyovibnahdbfgbyfh
sohcfgodfagpbDyibsamzbdyodbqohbdabuibjaazijbdabuibhabhyozis.nnxbzogrnij,
qohbdyibhfryd;bdyibfzzamdonbcmiod.mibdyodbqohbdabuibhabu.dcyimij
ogjbdamgboh.gjim,bxfinjijbdyibhighodfagpbQyodivimbrnahhbdyibvomfa.h
hlicdodamhbl.db.lagbdyibfgdimihd,boccamjfgrbdabdyifmbhivimonbomdhbogj
laqimhbasbhins-jicifd,bdyibfgdimihdbqoh,bodbdyibmaadbasbfd,bArmifhyp

Hfnigcibfgbdyibca.md!bCyomnihbJomgoxbyojbxihdimjoxblniojijbGadbR.fndxbda
ogbfgjfcdzigdbjiga.gcfgrbyfzb(qfdybfgsfgfdib fgrnibogjb ogrni)bsambdyod
yibqohbobsonhibdmofdambdaba.mbhimigi,bfnn.hdmfa.h,biecinnigd,bogjbha
samdy,blmfgci,ba.mbNamjbdyibKfgr,buxbmiohagbasbyfhbyovfgr,bagbjfvimh
accohfagh,bogjbuxbjfvimhbzioghbogjbqoxh,bohhfhdijbNiqfh,bdyibSmigcy
Kfgr,bfgbyfhbqomhborofghdba.mbhofjbhimigi,bfnn.hdmfa.h,biecinnigd,bogj
habsamdy;bdyodbqohbdabhox,buxbcazfgrbogjbrafgr,buidqiigbdyibjazfgfaghbas
a.mbhofjbhimigi,bfnn.hdmfa.h,biecinnigd,bogjbhabsamdy,bogjbdyahibasbdyi
hofjbSmigcybNiqfh,bogjbqfckijnx,bsonhinx,bdmofdama.hnx,bogjbadyimqfhi
ivfn-ojvimufa.hnx,bmivionfgrbdabdyibhofjbSmigcybNiqfhbqyodbsamcihba.m
hofjbhimigi,bfnn.hdmfa.h,biecinnigd,bogjbhabsamdy,byojbfgblmilomodfag
dabhigjbdabCogojobogjbGamdybOzimfcopbDyfhbz.cy,b immx,bqfdybyfhbyioj
uicazfgrbzamibogjbzamibhlfkxbohbdyibnoqbdimzhbumfhdnijbfd,bzojiba.dbqfdy
y.ribhodfhsocdfag,bogjbhabommfvijbcfmc.fda.hnxbodbdyib.gjimhdogjfgrbdyod
dyibosamihofj,bogjbavimbogjbavimborofgbosamihofj,bCyomnihbJomgox,bhdaaj
dyimibuisamibyfzb.lagbyfhbdmfon;bdyodbdyib .mxbqimibhqiomfgrbfg;bogj
dyodbZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbqohbzokfgrbmiojxbdabhliokp

Dyibocc.hij,bqyabqohb(ogjbqyabkgiqbyibqoh)buifgrbzigdonnxbyogrij,
uiyiojij,bogjbw.omdimij,buxbivimxuajxbdyimi,bgifdyimbsnfgcyijbsmaz
dyibhfd.odfag,bgambohh.zijbogxbdyiodmfconbofmbfgbfdpbYibqohbw.fidbogj
oddigdfvi;bqodcyijbdyibaligfgrblmaciijfgrhbqfdybobrmovibfgdimihd;
ogjbhdaajbqfdybyfhbyogjhbmihdfgrbagbdyibhnoubasbqaajbuisamibyfz,bha
cazlahijnx,bdyodbdyixbyojbgadbjfhlnocijbobniosbasbdyibyimuhbqfdybqyfcy
fdbqohbhdmiqgpbDyibca.mdbqohbonnbuihdmiqgbqfdybyimuhbogjbhlmfgknijbqfdy
vfgirom,bohboblmico.dfagborofghdbroanbofmbogjbroanbsivimp

Avimbdyiblmfhagim'hbyiojbdyimibqohbobzfmmam,bdabdymaqbdyibnfrydbjaqg
.lagbyfzpbCmaqjhbasbdyibqfckijbogjbdyibqmidcyijbyojbuiigbmisnicdijbfg
fd,bogjbyojblohhijbsmazbfdhbh.msocibogjbdyfhbiomdy'hbdaridyimpbYo.gdij
fgbobzahdbryohdnxbzoggimbdyodbouazfgouniblnocibqa.njbyovibuiig,bfsbdyi
rnohhbca.njbivimbyovibmigjimijbuockbfdhbmisnicdfagh,bohbdyibaciogbfhbagi
joxbdabrfvib.lbfdhbjiojpbHaziblohhfgrbdya.rydbasbdyibfgsozxbogjbjfhrmoci
sambqyfcybfdbyojbuiigbmihimvij,bzoxbyovibhdm.ckbdyiblmfhagim'hbzfgjpbUi
dyodbohbfdbzox,bobcyogribfgbyfhblahfdfagbzokfgrbyfzbcaghcfa.hbasbobuom
asbnfrydbocmahhbyfhbsoci,byibnaakijb.l;bogjbqyigbyibhoqbdyibrnohhbyfh
socibsn.hyij,bogjbyfhbmfrydbyogjbl.hyijbdyibyimuhboqoxp

Fdbyolligij,bdyodbdyibocdfagbd.mgijbyfhbsocibdabdyodbhfjibasbdyibca.md
qyfcybqohbagbyfhbnisdpbOua.dbagbobnivinbqfdybyfhbixih,bdyimibhod,
fgbdyodbcamgimbasbdyib .jri'hbuigcy,bdqablimhaghb.lagbqyazbyfhbnaak
fzzijfodinxbmihdij;bhabfzzijfodinx,bogjbhabz.cybdabdyibcyogrfgrbasbyfh
ohlicd,bdyodbonnbdyibixihbdyodbqimibd.mgijb.lagbyfz,bd.mgijbdabdyizp

Dyibhlicdodamhbhoqbfgbdyibdqabsfr.mih,bobxa.grbnojxbasbnfddnibzamibdyog
dqigdx,bogjbobrigdnizogbqyabqohbivfjigdnxbyimbsodyim;bobzogbasbobvimx
mizomkounibolliomogcibfgbmihlicdbasbdyibouhan.dibqyfdigihhbasbyfhbyofm,
ogjbobcimdofgbfgjihcmfuounibfgdighfdxbasbsoci:bgadbasbogbocdfvibkfgj,
u.dblagjimfgrbogjbhins-cazz.gfgrpbQyigbdyfhbielmihhfagbqohb.lagbyfz,byi
naakijbohbfsbyibqimibanj;bu.dbqyigbfdbqohbhdfmmijbogjbumakigb.l--oh
fdbqohbgaq,bfgbobzazigd,bagbyfhbhliokfgrbdabyfhbjo.rydim--yibuicozibo
yogjhazibzog,bgadblohdbdyiblmfzibasbnfsip

Yfhbjo.rydimbyojbagibasbyimbyogjhbjmoqgbdyma.rybyfhbomz,bohbhyibhodbux
yfz,bogjbdyibadyimblmihhijb.lagbfdpbHyibyojbjmoqgbcnahibdabyfz,bfgbyim
jmiojbasbdyibhcigi,bogjbfgbyimblfdxbsambdyiblmfhagimpbYimbsamiyiojbyoj
uiigbhdmfkfgrnxbielmihhfvibasbogbigrmahhfgrbdimmambogjbcazlohhfag
dyodbhoqbgadyfgrbu.dbdyiblimfnbasbdyibocc.hijpbDyfhbyojbuiigbhabvimx
gadfciouni,bhabvimxblaqims.nnxbogjbgod.monnxbhyaqg,bdyodbhdomimhbqya
yojbyojbgablfdxbsambyfzbqimibda.cyijbuxbyim;bogjbdyibqyfhlimbqigdboua.d,
“Qyabomibdyix?”

 immx,bdyibzihhigrim,bqyabyojbzojibyfhbaqgbauhimvodfagh,bfgbyfhbaqg
zoggim,bogjbqyabyojbuiigbh.ckfgrbdyibm.hdbassbyfhbsfgrimhbfgbyfh
ouhamldfag,bhdmidcyijbyfhbgickbdabyiombqyabdyixbqimipbDyibcmaqjboua.d
yfzbyojblmihhijbogjblohhijbdyibfgw.fmxbagbdabdyibgiomihdboddigjogd,bogj
smazbyfzbfdbyojbuiigbzamibhnaqnxblmihhijbogjblohhijbuock;bodbnohdbfdbrad
dab immx:

“Qfdgihhihp”

“Sambqyfcybhfji?”

“Orofghdp”

“Orofghdbqyodbhfji?”

“Dyiblmfhagim'hp”

Dyib .jri,bqyahibixihbyojbragibfgbdyibrigimonbjfmicdfag,bmiconnijbdyiz,
niogijbuockbfgbyfhbhiod,bogjbnaakijbhdiojfnxbodbdyibzogbqyahibnfsibqoh
fgbyfhbyogj,bohbZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbmahibdabhlfgbdyibmali,brmfgjbdyi
oei,bogjbyozzimbdyibgofnhbfgdabdyibhcossanjp




FFFpbObJfhollafgdzigd


ZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbyojbdabfgsamzbdyib .mx,bdyodbdyiblmfhagimbuisami
dyiz,bdya.rybxa.grbfgbxiomh,bqohbanjbfgbdyibdmiohagouniblmocdfcihbqyfcy
cnofzijbdyibsamsifdbasbyfhbnfsipbDyodbdyfhbcammihlagjigcibqfdybdyi
l.unfcbigizxbqohbgadbobcammihlagjigcibasbda-jox,bambasbxihdimjox,bam
ivigbasbnohdbxiom,bambasbdyibxiombuisamipbDyod,bfdbqohbcimdofgbdyi
lmfhagimbyoj,bsambnagrimbdyogbdyod,buiigbfgbdyibyoufdbasblohhfgrbogj
milohhfgrbuidqiigbSmogcibogjbIgrnogj,bagbhicmidbu.hfgihhbasbqyfcy
yibca.njbrfvibgabyagihdbocca.gdpbDyod,bfsbfdbqimibfgbdyibgod.mibas
dmofdama.hbqoxhbdabdymfvib(qyfcybyollfnxbfdbgivimbqoh),bdyibmion
qfckijgihhbogjbr.fndbasbyfhbu.hfgihhbzfrydbyovibmizofgijb.gjfhcavimijp
DyodbLmavfjigci,byaqivim,byojbl.dbfdbfgdabdyibyiomdbasboblimhagbqya
qohbuixagjbsiombogjbuixagjbmilmaocy,bdabsimmidba.dbdyibgod.mibasbdyi
lmfhagim'hbhcyizih,bogj,bhdm.ckbqfdybyammam,bdabjfhcnahibdyizbdabyfh
Zo ihdx'hbCyfisbHicmidomxbasbHdodibogjbzahdbyaga.mounibLmfvxbCa.gcfnp
Dyod,bdyfhblodmfadbqa.njbuiblmaj.cijbuisamibdyizpbDyod,byfhblahfdfagbogj
oddfd.jibqimi,bagbdyibqyani,bh.unfzipbDyod,byibyojbuiigbdyiblmfhagim'h
smfigj,bu.d,bodbagcibfgbogbo.hlfcfa.hbogjbogbivfnbya.mbjidicdfgrbyfh
fgsozx,byojbmihanvijbdabfzzanodibdyibdmofdambyibca.njbgabnagrimbcyimfhy
fgbyfhbuahaz,bagbdyibhocmijbondombasbyfhbca.gdmxpbDyod,bfsbhdod.ih
qimibjicmiijbfgbUmfdofg,bohbfgbogcfigdbRmiicibogjbMazi,bdabl.unfc
uigisocdamh,bdyfhbhyfgfgrbcfdftigbqa.njbohh.mijnxbyovibyojbagipbDyod,boh
dyixbqimibgadbhabjicmiij,byiblmauounxbqa.njbgadbyovibagipbDyod,bVfmd.i,
ohbyojbuiigbauhimvijbuxbdyiblaidhb(fgbzogxblohhorihbqyfcybyibqinn
kgiqbdyib .mxbqa.njbyovi,bqamjbsambqamj,bodbdyibdflhbasbdyifmbdagr.ih;
qyimiodbdyib .mx'hbca.gdigogcihbjfhlnoxijbobr.fndxbcaghcfa.hgihhbdyod
dyixbkgiqbgadyfgrboua.dbdyiblohhorih),bqohbfgbobzoggimbcagdorfa.h;bzami
ihlicfonnxbdyibumfrydbvfmd.ibkgaqgbohblodmfadfhz,bambnavibasbca.gdmxp
Dyod,bdyibnasdxbieozlnibasbdyfhbfzzoc.nodibogjb.gfzliocyounibqfdgihh
sambdyibCmaqg,bdabmisimbdabqyazbyaqivimb.gqamdyfnxbqohbogbyaga.m,byoj
cazz.gfcodijbfdhinsbdabdyiblmfhagim'hbhimvogd,bogjbyojbigrigjimijbfgbyfz
obyanxbjidimzfgodfagbdabieozfgibyfhbzohdim'hbdouni-jmoqimhbogjblackidh,
ogjbhicmidibyfhblolimhpbDyod,byib(ZmpbOddamgix-Rigimon)bqohblmilomijbda
yiombhazibjfhlomorizigdboddizldijbasbdyfhbojzfmounibhimvogd;bu.dbdyod,
fgbobrigimonbqox,byiblmisimmijbyfzbdabyfhb(ZmpbOddamgix-Rigimon'h)
umadyimhbogjbhfhdimh,bogjbyaga.mijbyfzbzamibdyogbyfhb(Zmp
Oddamgix-Rigimon'h)bsodyimbogjbzadyimpbDyod,byibconnijbqfdybcagsfjigci
agbdyib .mxbdabcazibogjbjabnfkiqfhipbDyod,bdyibivfjigcibasbdyihibdqa
qfdgihhih,bca.lnijbqfdybdyibjac.zigdhbasbdyifmbjfhcavimfgrbdyodbqa.njbui
lmaj.cij,bqa.njbhyaqbdyiblmfhagimbdabyovibuiigbs.mgfhyijbqfdybnfhdhbas
yfhbZo ihdx'hbsamcih,bogjbasbdyifmbjfhlahfdfagbogjblmilomodfag,buadybux
hiobogjbnogj,bogjbqa.njbniovibgabja.udbdyodbyibyojbyoufd.onnxbcagvixij
h.cybfgsamzodfagbdabobyahdfniblaqimpbDyod,bdyihibnfhdhbca.njbgadbui
lmavijbdabuibfgbdyiblmfhagim'hbyogjqmfdfgr;bu.dbdyodbfdbqohbonnbdyi
hozi;bdyod,bfgjiij,bfdbqohbmodyimbdyibuiddimbsambdyiblmahic.dfag,boh
hyaqfgrbdyiblmfhagimbdabuibomds.nbfgbyfhblmico.dfaghpbDyod,bdyiblmaas
qa.njbrabuockbsfvibxiomh,bogjbqa.njbhyaqbdyiblmfhagimbonmiojxbigrorij
fgbdyihiblimgfcfa.hbzfhhfagh,bqfdyfgbobsiqbqiikhbuisamibdyibjodibasbdyi
vimxbsfmhdbocdfagbsa.rydbuidqiigbdyibUmfdfhybdmaalhbogjbdyibOzimfcoghp
Dyod,bsambdyihibmiohagh,bdyib .mx,buifgrbobnaxonb .mxb(ohbyibkgiqbdyix
qimi),bogjbuifgrbobmihlaghfunib .mxb(ohb_dyix_bkgiqbdyixbqimi),bz.hd
lahfdfvinxbsfgjbdyiblmfhagimbR.fndx,bogjbzokibogbigjbasbyfz,bqyidyim
dyixbnfkijbfdbambgadpbDyod,bdyixbgivimbca.njbnoxbdyifmbyiojhb.lagbdyifm
lfnnaqh;bdyod,bdyixbgivimbca.njbdanimodibdyibfjiobasbdyifmbqfvihbnoxfgr
dyifmbyiojhb.lagbdyifmblfnnaqh;bdyod,bdyixbgivimbca.njbigj.mibdyibgadfag
asbdyifmbcyfnjmigbnoxfgrbdyifmbyiojhb.lagbdyifmblfnnaqh;bfgbhyamd,bdyod
dyimibgivimbzamibca.njbui,bsambdyizbambdyifmh,bogxbnoxfgrbasbyiojhb.lag
lfnnaqhbodbonn,b.gnihhbdyiblmfhagim'hbyiojbqohbdokigbasspbDyodbyioj
ZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbcagcn.jijbuxbjizogjfgrbasbdyiz,bfgbdyibgozibas
ivimxdyfgrbyibca.njbdyfgkbasbqfdybobma.gjbd.mgbfgbfd,bogjbagbdyibsofdy
asbyfhbhanizgbohhivimodfagbdyodbyibonmiojxbcaghfjimijbdyiblmfhagimboh
raajbohbjiojbogjbragip

QyigbdyibOddamgix-Rigimonbciohij,bobu.ttbomahibfgbdyibca.mdbohbfs
obcna.jbasbrmiodbun.i-snfihbqimibhqomzfgrboua.dbdyiblmfhagim,bfg
ogdfcflodfagbasbqyodbyibqohbhaagbdabuicazipbQyigbdagijbjaqgborofg,bdyi
.gfzliocyouniblodmfadbolliomijbfgbdyibqfdgihh-uaep

ZmpbHanfcfdam-Rigimonbdyig,bsannaqfgrbyfhbniojim'hbnioj,bieozfgijbdyi
lodmfad:b aygbUomhoj,brigdnizog,buxbgozipbDyibhdamxbasbyfhbl.mibha.nbqoh
ieocdnxbqyodbZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbyojbjihcmfuijbfdbdabui--limyolh,bfs
fdbyojbobso.nd,bobnfddnibdaabieocdnxpbYovfgrbminiohijbyfhbgaunibuahaz
asbfdhbu.mjig,byibqa.njbyovibzajihdnxbqfdyjmoqgbyfzhins,bu.dbdyodbdyi
qfrrijbrigdnizogbqfdybdyiblolimhbuisamibyfz,bhfddfgrbgadbsombsmazbZmp
Nammx,buirrijbdabohkbyfzbobsiqbw.ihdfaghpbDyibqfrrijbrigdnizogbhfddfgr
allahfdi,bhdfnnbnaakfgrbodbdyibcifnfgrbasbdyibca.mdp

Yojbyibivimbuiigbobhlxbyfzhins?bGa,byibhcamgijbdyibuohibfghfg.odfagp
Qyodbjfjbyibnfvib.lag?bYfhblmalimdxpbQyimibqohbyfhblmalimdx?bYibjfjg'd
lmicfhinxbmizizuimbqyimibfdbqohpbQyodbqohbfd?bGabu.hfgihhbasbogxuajx'hp
Yojbyibfgyimfdijbfd?bXih,byibyojpbSmazbqyaz?bJfhdogdbminodfagpbVimx
jfhdogd?bModyimpbIvimbuiigbfgblmfhag?bCimdofgnxbgadpbGivimbfgbobjiudamh'
lmfhag?bJfjg'dbhiibqyodbdyodbyojbdabjabqfdybfdpbGivimbfgbobjiudamh'
lmfhag?--Cazi,bagciborofgpbGivim?bXihpbYaqbzogxbdfzih?bDqabambdymii
dfzihpbGadbsfvibambhfe?bLimyolhpbAsbqyodblmasihhfag?bRigdnizogpbIvim
uiigbkfckij?bZfrydbyovibuiigpbSmiw.igdnx?bGapbIvimbkfckijbjaqghdofmh?
Jicfjijnxbgad;bagcibmicifvijbobkfckbagbdyibdalbasbobhdofmcohi,bogjbsinn
jaqghdofmhbasbyfhbaqgboccamjpbKfckijbagbdyodbaccohfagbsambcyiodfgrbod
jfci?bHazidyfgrbdabdyodbissicdbqohbhofjbuxbdyibfgdaefcodijbnfombqya
cazzfddijbdyibohho.nd,bu.dbfdbqohbgadbdm.ipbHqiombfdbqohbgadbdm.i?
LahfdfvinxpbIvimbnfvibuxbcyiodfgrbodblnox?bGivimpbIvimbnfvibuxblnox?bGad
zamibdyogbadyimbrigdnizigbjapbIvimbuammaqbzagixbasbdyiblmfhagim?bXihp
Ivimbloxbyfz?bGapbQohbgadbdyfhbfgdfzocxbqfdybdyiblmfhagim,bfgbmionfdxbo
vimxbhnfrydbagi,bsamcijb.lagbdyiblmfhagimbfgbcaocyih,bfggh,bogjblockidh?
GapbH.mibyibhoqbdyiblmfhagimbqfdybdyihibnfhdh?bCimdofgpbKgiqbgabzami
oua.dbdyibnfhdh?bGapbYojbgadblmac.mijbdyizbyfzhins,bsambfghdogci?bGap
Ielicdbdabridbogxdyfgrbuxbdyfhbivfjigci?bGapbGadbfgbmir.nombravimgzigd
loxbogjbizlnaxzigd,bdabnoxbdmolh?bAybjiombgapbAmbdabjabogxdyfgr?bAybjiom
gapbHqiombdyod?bAvimbogjbavimborofgpbGabzadfvihbu.dbzadfvihbasbhyiim
lodmfadfhz?bGagibqyodivimp

Dyibvfmd.a.hbhimvogd,bMarimbCnx,bhqamibyfhbqoxbdyma.rybdyibcohibodbo
rmiodbmodipbYibyojbdokigbhimvfcibqfdybdyiblmfhagim,bfgbraajbsofdybogj
hfzlnfcfdx,bsa.mbxiomhborapbYibyojbohkijbdyiblmfhagim,bouaomjbdyibConofh
lockid,bfsbyibqogdijbobyogjxbsinnaq,bogjbdyiblmfhagimbyojbigrorijbyfzp
Yibyojbgadbohkijbdyiblmfhagimbdabdokibdyibyogjxbsinnaqbohbogbocdbas
cyomfdx--givimbdya.rydbasbh.cybobdyfgrpbYibuirogbdabyovibh.hlfcfaghbas
dyiblmfhagim,bogjbdabkiilbogbixib.lagbyfz,bhaagbosdimqomjhpbFgbommogrfgr
yfhbcnadyih,bqyfnibdmovinnfgr,byibyojbhiigbhfzfnombnfhdhbdabdyihibfgbdyi
lmfhagim'hblackidh,bavimbogjbavimborofgpbYibyojbdokigbdyihibnfhdhbsmaz
dyibjmoqimbasbdyiblmfhagim'hbjihkpbYibyojbgadbl.dbdyizbdyimibsfmhdpbYi
yojbhiigbdyiblmfhagimbhyaqbdyihibfjigdfconbnfhdhbdabSmigcybrigdnizig
odbConofh,bogjbhfzfnombnfhdhbdabSmigcybrigdnizig,buadybodbConofhbogj
Ua.nargipbYibnavijbyfhbca.gdmx,bogjbca.njg'dbuiombfd,bogjbyojbrfvig
fgsamzodfagpbYibyojbgivimbuiigbh.hlicdijbasbhdionfgrbobhfnvimbdio-lad;
yibyojbuiigbzonfrgijbmihlicdfgrbobz.hdomj-lad,bu.dbfdbd.mgijba.dbdabui
agnxboblnodijbagipbYibyojbkgaqgbdyibnohdbqfdgihhbhivigbambifrydbxiomh;
dyodbqohbziminxbobcafgcfjigcipbYibjfjg'dbconnbfdboblomdfc.nomnxbc.mfa.h
cafgcfjigci;bzahdbcafgcfjigcihbqimibc.mfa.hpbGifdyimbjfjbyibconnbfdbo
c.mfa.hbcafgcfjigcibdyodbdm.iblodmfadfhzbqohb_yfh_bagnxbzadfvibdaapbYi
qohbobdm.ibUmfdag,bogjbyalijbdyimibqimibzogxbnfkibyfzp

Dyibun.i-snfihbu.ttijborofg,bogjbZmpbOddamgix-RigimonbconnijbZmpb omvfh
Nammxp

“Zmpb omvfhbNammx,bomibxa.bobcnimkbfgbDinnhag'hbuogk?”

“Fbozp”

“AgbobcimdofgbSmfjoxbgfrydbfgbGavizuimbagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogj
hivigdx-sfvi,bjfjbu.hfgihhbaccohfagbxa.bdabdmovinbuidqiigbNagjagbogj
Javimbuxbdyibzofn?”

“Fdbjfjp”

“Qimibdyimibogxbadyimblohhigrimhbfgbdyibzofn?”

“Dqap”

“Jfjbdyixbonfrydbagbdyibmaojbfgbdyibca.mhibasbdyibgfryd?”

“Dyixbjfjp”

“ZmpbNammx,bnaakb.lagbdyiblmfhagimpbQohbyibagibasbdyahibdqablohhigrimh?”

“Fbcoggadb.gjimdokibdabhoxbdyodbyibqohp”

“Jaihbyibmihizunibifdyimbasbdyihibdqablohhigrimh?”

“Uadybqimibhabqmollijb.l,bogjbdyibgfrydbqohbhabjomk,bogjbqibqimibonnbha
mihimvij,bdyodbFbcoggadb.gjimdokibdabhoxbivigbdyodp”

“ZmpbNammx,bnaakborofgb.lagbdyiblmfhagimpbH.llahfgrbyfzbqmollijb.lboh
dyahibdqablohhigrimhbqimi,bfhbdyimibogxdyfgrbfgbyfhbu.nkbogjbhdod.mibda
migjimbfdb.gnfkinxbdyodbyibqohbagibasbdyiz?”

“Gap”

“Xa.bqfnnbgadbhqiom,bZmpbNammx,bdyodbyibqohbgadbagibasbdyiz?”

“Gap”

“Habodbniohdbxa.bhoxbyibzoxbyovibuiigbagibasbdyiz?”

“XihpbIecildbdyodbFbmizizuimbdyizbuadybdabyovibuiig--nfki
zxhins--dfzama.hbasbyfryqoxzig,bogjbdyiblmfhagimbyohbgadbobdfzama.h
ofmp”

“Jfjbxa.bivimbhiibobca.gdimsifdbasbdfzfjfdx,bZmpbNammx?”

“Fbcimdofgnxbyovibhiigbdyodp”

“ZmpbNammx,bnaakbagcibzamib.lagbdyiblmfhagimpbYovibxa.bhiigbyfz,bdabxa.m
cimdofgbkgaqnijri,buisami?”

“Fbyovip”

“Qyig?”

“Fbqohbmid.mgfgrbsmazbSmogcibobsiqbjoxhbosdimqomjh,bogj,bodbConofh,bdyi
lmfhagimbcozibagbuaomjbdyiblockid-hyflbfgbqyfcybFbmid.mgij,bogjbzojibdyi
vaxoribqfdybzip”

“Odbqyodbya.mbjfjbyibcazibagbuaomj?”

“Odbobnfddnibosdimbzfjgfrydp”

“FgbdyibjiojbasbdyibgfrydpbQohbyibdyibagnxblohhigrimbqyabcozibagbuaomj
odbdyodb.gdfzinxbya.m?”

“Yibyolligijbdabuibdyibagnxbagip”

“Givimbzfgjboua.db'yolligfgr,'bZmpbNammxpbYibqohbdyibagnxblohhigrimbqya
cozibagbuaomjbfgbdyibjiojbasbdyibgfryd?”

“Yibqohp”

“Qimibxa.bdmovinnfgrbonagi,bZmpbNammx,bambqfdybogxbcazlogfag?”

“QfdybdqabcazlogfaghpbObrigdnizogbogjbnojxpbDyixbomibyimip”

“DyixbomibyimipbYojbxa.bogxbcagvimhodfagbqfdybdyiblmfhagim?”

“YomjnxbogxpbDyibqiodyimbqohbhdamzx,bogjbdyiblohhoribnagrbogjbma.ry,bogj
Fbnoxbagbobhaso,bonzahdbsmazbhyamibdabhyamip”

“ZfhhbZogiddi!”

Dyibxa.grbnojx,bdabqyazbonnbixihbyojbuiigbd.mgijbuisami,bogjbqimibgaq
d.mgijborofg,bhdaajb.lbqyimibhyibyojbhodpbYimbsodyimbmahibqfdybyim,bogj
kildbyimbyogjbjmoqgbdyma.rybyfhbomzp

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bnaakb.lagbdyiblmfhagimp”

Dabuibcagsmagdijbqfdybh.cyblfdx,bogjbh.cybiomgihdbxa.dybogjbuio.dx,bqoh
sombzamibdmxfgrbdabdyibocc.hijbdyogbdabuibcagsmagdijbqfdybonnbdyibcmaqjp
Hdogjfgr,bohbfdbqimi,bolomdbqfdybyimbagbdyibijribasbyfhbrmovi,bgadbonn
dyibhdomfgrbc.mfahfdxbdyodbnaakijbag,bca.nj,bsambdyibzazigd,bgimvibyfz
dabmizofgbw.fdibhdfnnpbYfhby.mmfijbmfrydbyogjblomcinnijba.dbdyibyimuh
uisamibyfzbfgdabfzorfgomxbuijhbasbsnaqimhbfgbobromjig;bogjbyfhbissamdh
dabcagdmanbogjbhdiojxbyfhbumiodyfgrbhyaakbdyibnflhbsmazbqyfcybdyibcana.m
m.hyijbdabyfhbyiomdpbDyibu.ttbasbdyibrmiodbsnfihbqohbna.jborofgp

“ZfhhbZogiddi,byovibxa.bhiigbdyiblmfhagimbuisami?”

“Xih,bhfmp”

“Qyimi?”

“Agbuaomjbasbdyiblockid-hyflb .hdbgaqbmisimmijbda,bhfm,bogjbagbdyibhozi
accohfagp”

“Xa.bomibdyibxa.grbnojxb .hdbgaqbmisimmijbda?”

“A!bzahdb.gyollfnx,bFboz!”

Dyiblnofgdfvibdagibasbyimbcazlohhfagbzimrijbfgdabdyibnihhbz.hfconbvafci
asbdyib .jri,bohbyibhofjbhazidyfgrbsfimcinx:b“Oghqimbdyibw.ihdfaghbl.d
dabxa.,bogjbzokibgabmizomkb.lagbdyizp”

“ZfhhbZogiddi,byojbxa.bogxbcagvimhodfagbqfdybdyiblmfhagimbagbdyod
lohhoribocmahhbdyibCyoggin?”

“Xih,bhfmp”

“Miconnbfdp”

Fgbdyibzfjhdbasboblmasa.gjbhdfnngihh,bhyibsofgdnxbuirog:b“Qyigbdyi
rigdnizogbcozibagbuaomj--”

“Jabxa.bziogbdyiblmfhagim?”bfgw.fmijbdyib .jri,bkgfddfgrbyfhbumaqhp

“Xih,bzxbNamjp”

“Dyigbhoxbdyiblmfhagimp”

“Qyigbdyiblmfhagimbcozibagbuaomj,byibgadfcijbdyodbzxbsodyim,”bd.mgfgr
yimbixihbnavfgrnxbdabyfzbohbyibhdaajbuihfjibyim,b“qohbz.cybsodfr.ij
ogjbfgbobvimxbqiokbhdodibasbyiondypbZxbsodyimbqohbhabmij.cijbdyodbFbqoh
osmofjbdabdokibyfzba.dbasbdyibofm,bogjbFbyojbzojibobuijbsambyfzbagbdyi
jickbgiombdyibcoufgbhdilh,bogjbFbhodbagbdyibjickbodbyfhbhfjibdabdoki
comibasbyfzpbDyimibqimibgabadyimblohhigrimhbdyodbgfryd,bu.dbqibsa.mp
DyiblmfhagimbqohbhabraajbohbdabuirblimzfhhfagbdabojvfhibzibyaqbFbca.nj
hyindimbzxbsodyimbsmazbdyibqfgjbogjbqiodyim,buiddimbdyogbFbyojbjagipbF
yojbgadbkgaqgbyaqbdabjabfdbqinn,bgadb.gjimhdogjfgrbyaqbdyibqfgjbqa.nj
hidbqyigbqibqimiba.dbasbdyibyomua.mpbYibjfjbfdbsambzipbYibielmihhij
rmiodbrigdnigihhbogjbkfgjgihhbsambzxbsodyim'hbhdodi,bogjbFbozbh.mibyi
sindbfdpbDyodbqohbdyibzoggimbasba.mbuirfggfgrbdabhliokbdaridyimp”

“Nidbzibfgdimm.ldbxa.bsambobzazigdpbYojbyibcazibagbuaomjbonagi?”

“Gap”

“Yaqbzogxbqimibqfdybyfz?”

“DqabSmigcybrigdnizigp”

“Yojbdyixbcagsimmijbdaridyim?”

“Dyixbyojbcagsimmijbdaridyimb.gdfnbdyibnohdbzazigd,bqyigbfdbqoh
gicihhomxbsambdyibSmigcybrigdnizigbdabuibnogjijbfgbdyifmbuaodp”

“Yojbogxblolimhbuiigbyogjijboua.dbozagrbdyiz,bhfzfnombdabdyihibnfhdh?”

“Haziblolimhbyojbuiigbyogjijboua.dbozagrbdyiz,bu.dbFbjag'dbkgaqbqyod
lolimhp”

“Nfkibdyihibfgbhyolibogjbhfti?”

“Lahhfunx,bu.dbfgjiijbFbjag'dbkgaq,bondya.rybdyixbhdaajbqyfhlimfgrbvimx
giombdabzi:buico.hibdyixbhdaajbodbdyibdalbasbdyibcoufgbhdilhbdabyovibdyi
nfrydbasbdyibnozlbdyodbqohbyogrfgrbdyimi;bfdbqohbobj.nnbnozl,bogjbdyix
hlakibvimxbnaq,bogjbFbjfjbgadbyiombqyodbdyixbhofj,bogjbhoqbagnxbdyod
dyixbnaakijbodblolimhp”

“Gaq,bdabdyiblmfhagim'hbcagvimhodfag,bZfhhbZogiddip”

“Dyiblmfhagimbqohbohbaligbfgbyfhbcagsfjigcibqfdybzi--qyfcybomahiba.d
asbzxbyinlnihhbhfd.odfag--ohbyibqohbkfgj,bogjbraaj,bogjb.his.nbdabzx
sodyimpbFbyali,”bu.mhdfgrbfgdabdiomh,b“Fbzoxbgadbmiloxbyfzbuxbjafgrbyfz
yomzbda-joxp”

U.ttfgrbsmazbdyibun.i-snfihp

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bfsbdyiblmfhagimbjaihbgadblimsicdnxb.gjimhdogjbdyod
xa.brfvibdyibivfjigcibqyfcybfdbfhbxa.mbj.dxbdabrfvi--qyfcybxa.bz.hd
rfvi--ogjbqyfcybxa.bcoggadbihcolibsmazbrfvfgr--qfdybrmiodb.gqfnnfgrgihh,
yibfhbdyibagnxblimhagblmihigdbfgbdyodbcagjfdfagpbLniohibdabrabagp”

“Yibdanjbzibdyodbyibqohbdmovinnfgrbagbu.hfgihhbasbobjinfcodibogj
jfssfc.ndbgod.mi,bqyfcybzfrydbridblialnibfgdabdma.uni,bogjbdyodbyibqoh
dyimisamibdmovinnfgrb.gjimbogbohh.zijbgozipbYibhofjbdyodbdyfhbu.hfgihh
yoj,bqfdyfgbobsiqbjoxh,bdokigbyfzbdabSmogci,bogjbzfryd,bodbfgdimvonh,
dokibyfzbuockqomjhbogjbsamqomjhbuidqiigbSmogcibogjbIgrnogjbsambobnagr
dfzibdabcazip”

“Jfjbyibhoxbogxdyfgrboua.dbOzimfco,bZfhhbZogiddi?bUiblomdfc.nomp”

“Yibdmfijbdabielnofgbdabzibyaqbdyodbw.omminbyojbomfhig,bogjbyibhofj
dyod,bhabsombohbyibca.njb .jri,bfdbqohbobqmagrbogjbsaanfhybagibag
Igrnogj'hblomdpbYibojjij,bfgbob ihdfgrbqox,bdyodblimyolhbRiamri
QohyfgrdagbzfrydbrofgbonzahdbohbrmiodbobgozibfgbyfhdamxbohbRiamribdyi
DyfmjpbU.dbdyimibqohbgabyomzbfgbyfhbqoxbasbhoxfgrbdyfh:bfdbqohbhofj
no.ryfgrnx,bogjbdabuir.fnibdyibdfzip”

Ogxbhdmagrnxbzomkijbielmihhfagbasbsocibagbdyiblomdbasbobcyfisbocdambfg
obhcigibasbrmiodbfgdimihdbdabqyazbzogxbixihbomibjfmicdij,bqfnnbui
.gcaghcfa.hnxbfzfdodijbuxbdyibhlicdodamhpbYimbsamiyiojbqohblofgs.nnx
ogefa.hbogjbfgdigdbohbhyibrovibdyfhbivfjigci,bogj,bfgbdyiblo.hihbqyig
hyibhdallijbsambdyib .jribdabqmfdibfdbjaqg,bqodcyijbfdhbissicdb.lag
dyibca.ghinbsambogjborofghdpbOzagrbdyibnaakimh-agbdyimibqohbdyibhozi
ielmihhfagbfgbonnbw.omdimhbasbdyibca.md;bfghaz.cy,bdyodbobrmiodbzo amfdx
asbdyibsamiyiojhbdyimi,bzfrydbyovibuiigbzfmmamhbmisnicdfgrbdyibqfdgihh,
qyigbdyib .jribnaakijb.lbsmazbyfhbgadihbdabrnomibodbdyodbdmizigja.h
yimihxboua.dbRiamribQohyfgrdagp

ZmpbOddamgix-RigimonbgaqbhfrgfsfijbdabzxbNamj,bdyodbyibjiizijbfd
gicihhomx,bohbobzoddimbasblmico.dfagbogjbsamz,bdabconnbdyibxa.grbnojx'h
sodyim,bJacdambZogiddipbQyabqohbconnijboccamjfgrnxp

“JacdambZogiddi,bnaakb.lagbdyiblmfhagimpbYovibxa.bivimbhiigbyfzbuisami?”

“AgcipbQyigbyibconnijbodbzxbnajrfgrhbfgbNagjagpbHazibdymiibxiomh,bam
dymiibxiomhbogjbobyonsborap”

“Cogbxa.bfjigdfsxbyfzbohbxa.mbsinnaq-lohhigrimbagbuaomjbdyiblockid,bam
hliokbdabyfhbcagvimhodfagbqfdybxa.mbjo.rydim?”

“Hfm,bFbcogbjabgifdyimp”

“Fhbdyimibogxblomdfc.nombogjbhlicfonbmiohagbsambxa.mbuifgrb.gounibdabja
ifdyim?”

Yiboghqimij,bfgbobnaqbvafci,b“Dyimibfhp”

“Yohbfdbuiigbxa.mbzfhsamd.gibdab.gjimrabobnagrbfzlmfhagzigd,bqfdya.d
dmfon,bambivigbocc.hodfag,bfgbxa.mbgodfvibca.gdmx,bJacdambZogiddi?”

Yiboghqimij,bfgbobdagibdyodbqigdbdabivimxbyiomd,b“Obnagrbfzlmfhagzigdp”

“Qimibxa.bgiqnxbminiohijbagbdyibaccohfagbfgbw.ihdfag?”

“Dyixbdinnbzibhap”

“Yovibxa.bgabmizizumogcibasbdyibaccohfag?”

“GagipbZxbzfgjbfhbobunogk,bsmazbhazibdfzi--Fbcoggadbivigbhoxbqyod
dfzi--qyigbFbizlnaxijbzxhins,bfgbzxbcoldfvfdx,bfgbzokfgrbhyaih,bdabdyi
dfzibqyigbFbsa.gjbzxhinsbnfvfgrbfgbNagjagbqfdybzxbjiombjo.rydim
yimipbHyibyojbuicazibsozfnfombdabzi,bqyigbobrmocfa.hbRajbmihdamij
zxbsoc.ndfih;bu.d,bFbozbw.fdib.gounibivigbdabhoxbyaqbhyibyojbuicazi
sozfnfompbFbyovibgabmizizumogcibasbdyiblmacihhp”

ZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbhodbjaqg,bogjbdyibsodyimbogjbjo.rydimbhodbjaqg
daridyimp

Obhfgr.nombcfmc.zhdogcibdyigbomahibfgbdyibcohipbDyibau icdbfgbyogjbuifgr
dabhyaqbdyodbdyiblmfhagimbqigdbjaqg,bqfdybhazibsinnaq-lnaddimb.gdmockij,
fgbdyibJavimbzofnbagbdyodbSmfjoxbgfrydbfgbGavizuimbsfvibxiomhbora,bogj
radba.dbasbdyibzofnbfgbdyibgfryd,bohbobunfgj,bodboblnocibqyimibyibjfj
gadbmizofg,bu.dbsmazbqyfcybyibdmovinnijbuockbhazibjatigbzfnihbambzami,
dabobrommfhagbogjbjackxomj,bogjbdyimibcannicdijbfgsamzodfag;bobqfdgihh
qohbconnijbdabfjigdfsxbyfzbohbyovfgrbuiigbodbdyiblmicfhibdfzibmiw.fmij,
fgbdyibcassii-maazbasbogbyadinbfgbdyodbrommfhag-ogj-jackxomjbdaqg,
qofdfgrbsambogadyimblimhagpbDyiblmfhagim'hbca.ghinbqohbcmahh-ieozfgfgr
dyfhbqfdgihhbqfdybgabmih.nd,biecildbdyodbyibyojbgivimbhiigbdyiblmfhagim
agbogxbadyimbaccohfag,bqyigbdyibqfrrijbrigdnizogbqyabyojbonnbdyfhbdfzi
uiigbnaakfgrbodbdyibcifnfgrbasbdyibca.md,bqmadibobqamjbambdqabagbo
nfddniblficibasblolim,bhcmiqijbfdb.l,bogjbdahhijbfdbdabyfzpbAligfgr
dyfhblficibasblolimbfgbdyibgiedblo.hi,bdyibca.ghinbnaakijbqfdybrmiod
oddigdfagbogjbc.mfahfdxbodbdyiblmfhagimp

“Xa.bhoxborofgbxa.bomibw.fdibh.mibdyodbfdbqohbdyiblmfhagim?”

Dyibqfdgihhbqohbw.fdibh.mip

“Jfjbxa.bivimbhiibogxuajxbvimxbnfkibdyiblmfhagim?”

Gadbhabnfkib(dyibqfdgihhbhofj)bohbdyodbyibca.njbuibzfhdokigp

“Naakbqinnb.lagbdyodbrigdnizog,bzxbniomgijbsmfigjbdyimi,”blafgdfgr
dabyfzbqyabyojbdahhijbdyiblolimbavim,b“ogjbdyigbnaakbqinnb.lagbdyi
lmfhagimpbYaqbhoxbxa.?bOmibdyixbvimxbnfkibiocybadyim?”

Onnaqfgrbsambzxbniomgijbsmfigj'hbolliomogcibuifgrbcominihhbogjbhnavignx
fsbgadbjiuo.cyij,bdyixbqimibh.ssfcfigdnxbnfkibiocybadyimbdabh.mlmfhi,
gadbagnxbdyibqfdgihh,bu.dbivimxuajxblmihigd,bqyigbdyixbqimibdy.hbuma.ryd
fgdabcazlomfhagpbZxbNamjbuifgrblmoxijbdabufjbzxbniomgijbsmfigjbnoxbohfji
yfhbqfr,bogjbrfvfgrbgabvimxbrmocfa.hbcaghigd,bdyibnfkigihhbuicozi
z.cybzamibmizomkounipbZxbNamjbfgw.fmijbasbZmpbHdmxvimb(dyiblmfhagim'h
ca.ghin),bqyidyimbdyixbqimibgiedbdabdmxbZmpbComdagb(gozibasbzxbniomgij
smfigj)bsambdmiohag?bU.d,bZmpbHdmxvimbmilnfijbdabzxbNamj,bga;bu.dbyi
qa.njbohkbdyibqfdgihhbdabdinnbyfzbqyidyimbqyodbyolligijbagci,bzfryd
yolligbdqfci;bqyidyimbyibqa.njbyovibuiigbhabcagsfjigdbfsbyibyojbhiig
dyfhbfnn.hdmodfagbasbyfhbmohygihhbhaagim,bqyidyimbyibqa.njbuibha
cagsfjigd,byovfgrbhiigbfd;bogjbzamipbDyib.lhyadbasbqyfcy,bqoh,bdabhzohy
dyfhbqfdgihhbnfkibobcmackimxbvihhin,bogjbhyfvimbyfhblomdbasbdyibcohibda
.hinihhbn.zuimp

ZmpbCm.gcyimbyojbuxbdyfhbdfzibdokigbw.fdibobn.gcybasbm.hdbassbyfh
sfgrimhbfgbyfhbsannaqfgrbasbdyibivfjigcipbYibyojbgaqbdaboddigjbqyfnibZmp
Hdmxvimbsfddijbdyiblmfhagim'hbcohibagbdyib .mx,bnfkibobcazlocdbh.fd
asbcnadyih;bhyaqfgrbdyizbyaqbdyiblodmfad,bUomhoj,bqohbobyfmijbhlxbogj
dmofdam,bogb.gun.hyfgrbdmossfckimbfgbunaaj,bogjbagibasbdyibrmiodihd
hca.gjminhb.lagbiomdybhfgcibocc.mhijb .joh--qyfcybyibcimdofgnxbjfjbnaak
modyimbnfkipbYaqbdyibvfmd.a.hbhimvogd,bCnx,bqohbyfhbsmfigjbogjblomdgim,
ogjbqohbqamdyxbdabui;byaqbdyibqodcys.nbixihbasbdyahibsamrimhbogjbsonhi
hqiomimhbyojbmihdijbagbdyiblmfhagimbohbobvfcdfz,buico.hibhazibsozfnx
ossofmhbfgbSmogci,byibuifgrbasbSmigcybiedmocdfag,bjfjbmiw.fmibyfhbzokfgr
dyahiblohhorihbocmahhbdyibCyoggin--dya.rybqyodbdyahibossofmhbqimi,bo
caghfjimodfagbsambadyimhbqyabqimibgiombogjbjiombdabyfz,bsamuojibyfz,
ivigbsambyfhbnfsi,bdabjfhcnahipbYaqbdyibivfjigcibdyodbyojbuiigbqomlij
ogjbqmihdijbsmazbdyibxa.grbnojx,bqyahibogr.fhybfgbrfvfgrbfdbdyix
yojbqfdgihhij,bcozibdabgadyfgr,bfgvanvfgrbdyibzimibnfddnibfggacigd
ronnogdmfihbogjblanfdigihhihbnfkinxbdablohhbuidqiigbogxbxa.grbrigdnizog
ogjbxa.grbnojxbhabdymaqgbdaridyim;--qfdybdyibiecildfagbasbdyod
misimigcibdabRiamribQohyfgrdag,bqyfcybqohbondaridyimbdaabiedmovorogdbogj
fzlahhfunibdabuibmiromjijbfgbogxbadyimbnfrydbdyogbohbobzaghdma.hb akip
Yaqbfdbqa.njbuibobqiokgihhbfgbdyibravimgzigdbdabumiokbjaqgbfgbdyfh
oddizldbdablmocdfhibsamblal.nomfdxbagbdyibnaqihdbgodfagonbogdflodyfih
ogjbsiomh,bogjbdyimisamibZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbyojbzojibdyibzahdbasbfd;
yaq,bgivimdyinihh,bfdbmihdijb.lagbgadyfgr,bhovibdyodbvfnibogjbfgsoza.h
cyomocdimbasbivfjigcibdaabasdigbjfhsfr.mfgrbh.cybcohih,bogjbasbqyfcybdyi
HdodibDmfonhbasbdyfhbca.gdmxbqimibs.nnpbU.d,bdyimibzxbNamjbfgdimlahij
(qfdybohbrmovibobsocibohbfsbfdbyojbgadbuiigbdm.i),bhoxfgrbdyodbyibca.nj
gadbhfdb.lagbdyodbUigcybogjbh.ssimbdyahibonn.hfaghp

ZmpbHdmxvimbdyigbconnijbyfhbsiqbqfdgihhih,bogjbZmpbCm.gcyimbyojbgiedbda
oddigjbqyfnibZmpbOddamgix-Rigimonbd.mgijbdyibqyanibh.fdbasbcnadyihbZmp
Hdmxvimbyojbsfddijbagbdyib .mx,bfghfjiba.d;bhyaqfgrbyaqbUomhojbogj
Cnxbqimibivigboby.gjmijbdfzihbuiddimbdyogbyibyojbdya.rydbdyiz,bogjbdyi
lmfhagimboby.gjmijbdfzihbqamhipbNohdnx,bcozibzxbNamjbyfzhins,bd.mgfgr
dyibh.fdbasbcnadyih,bgaqbfghfjiba.d,bgaqba.dhfjibfg,bu.dbagbdyibqyani
jicfjijnxbdmfzzfgrbogjbhyolfgrbdyizbfgdabrmovi-cnadyihbsambdyiblmfhagimp

Ogjbgaq,bdyib .mxbd.mgijbdabcaghfjim,bogjbdyibrmiodbsnfihbhqomzijborofgp

ZmpbComdag,bqyabyojbhabnagrbhodbnaakfgrbodbdyibcifnfgrbasbdyibca.md,
cyogrijbgifdyimbyfhblnocibgambyfhboddfd.ji,bivigbfgbdyfhbiecfdizigdp
Qyfnibyfhbniomgijbsmfigj,bZmpbHdmxvim,bzohhfgrbyfhblolimhbuisamibyfz,
qyfhlimijbqfdybdyahibqyabhodbgiom,bogjbsmazbdfzibdabdfzibrnogcij
ogefa.hnxbodbdyib .mx;bqyfnibonnbdyibhlicdodamhbzavijbzamibambnihh,bogj
rma.lijbdyizhinvihbogiq;bqyfnibivigbzxbNamjbyfzhinsbomahibsmazbyfhbhiod,
ogjbhnaqnxblocijb.lbogjbjaqgbyfhblnodsamz,bgadb.goddigjijbuxbobh.hlfcfag
fgbdyibzfgjhbasbdyibo.jfigcibdyodbyfhbhdodibqohbsivimfhy;bdyfhbagibzog
hodbniogfgrbuock,bqfdybyfhbdamgbraqgbyonsbassbyfz,byfhb.gdfjxbqfrbl.d
agb .hdbohbfdbyojbyolligijbdabnfrydbagbyfhbyiojbosdimbfdhbmizavon,byfh
yogjhbfgbyfhblackidh,bogjbyfhbixihbagbdyibcifnfgrbohbdyixbyojbuiigbonn
joxpbHazidyfgrbihlicfonnxbmicknihhbfgbyfhbjizioga.m,bgadbagnxbrovibyfz
objfhmil.dounibnaak,bu.dbhabjfzfgfhyijbdyibhdmagrbmihizunogcibyi
.gja.udijnxbuamibdabdyiblmfhagimb(qyfcybyfhbzazigdomxbiomgihdgihh,
qyigbdyixbqimibcazlomijbdaridyim,byojbhdmigrdyigij),bdyodbzogxbasbdyi
naakimh-ag,bdokfgrbgadibasbyfzbgaq,bhofjbdabagibogadyimbdyixbqa.nj
yomjnxbyovibdya.rydbdyibdqabqimibhabonfkipbZmpbCm.gcyimbzojibdyi
auhimvodfagbdabyfhbgiedbgifryua.m,bogjbojjij,b“F'jbyanjbyonsbobr.fgio
dyodb_yi_bjag'dbridbgabnoq-qamkbdabjapbJag'dbnaakbnfkibdyibhamdbasbagi
dabridbogx,bjabyi?”

Xid,bdyfhbZmpbComdagbdaakbfgbzamibasbdyibjidofnhbasbdyibhcigibdyogbyi
olliomijbdabdokibfg;bsambgaq,bqyigbZfhhbZogiddi'hbyiojbjmallijb.lag
yimbsodyim'hbumiohd,byibqohbdyibsfmhdbdabhiibfd,bogjbdabhoxbo.jfunx:
“Assfcim!bnaakbdabdyodbxa.grbnojxpbYinlbdyibrigdnizogbdabdokibyimba.dp
Jag'dbxa.bhiibhyibqfnnbsonn!”

Dyimibqohbz.cybcazzfhimodfagbsambyimbohbhyibqohbmizavij,bogjbz.cy
hxzlodyxbqfdybyimbsodyimpbFdbyojbivfjigdnxbuiigbobrmiodbjfhdmihhbda
yfz,bdabyovibdyibjoxhbasbyfhbfzlmfhagzigdbmiconnijpbYibyojbhyaqg
hdmagrbfgdimgonborfdodfagbqyigbyibqohbw.ihdfagij,bogjbdyodblagjimfgrbam
umaajfgrbnaakbqyfcybzojibyfzbanj,byojbuiigb.lagbyfz,bnfkibobyiovxbcna.j,
ivimbhfgcipbOhbyiblohhijba.d,bdyib .mx,bqyabyojbd.mgijbuockbogjblo.hijbo
zazigd,bhlaki,bdyma.rybdyifmbsamizogp

Dyixbqimibgadbormiij,bogjbqfhyijbdabmidfmipbZxbNamjb(limyolhbqfdybRiamri
Qohyfgrdagbagbyfhbzfgj)bhyaqijbhazibh.mlmfhibdyodbdyixbqimibgadbormiij,
u.dbhfrgfsfijbyfhblnioh.mibdyodbdyixbhya.njbmidfmib.gjimbqodcybogjbqomj,
ogjbmidfmijbyfzhinspbDyibdmfonbyojbnohdijbonnbjox,bogjbdyibnozlhbfg
dyibca.mdbqimibgaqbuifgrbnfrydijpbFdbuirogbdabuibm.za.mijbdyodbdyi
 .mxbqa.njbuiba.dbobnagrbqyfnipbDyibhlicdodamhbjmallijbassbdabrid
mismihyzigd,bogjbdyiblmfhagimbqfdyjmiqbdabdyibuockbasbdyibjack,bogjbhod
jaqgp

ZmpbNammx,bqyabyojbragiba.dbqyigbdyibxa.grbnojxbogjbyimbsodyimbqigdba.d,
gaqbmiolliomij,bogjbuickagijbdab immx:bqya,bfgbdyibhnockigijbfgdimihd,
ca.njbiohfnxbridbgiombyfzp

“ immx,bfsbxa.bqfhybdabdokibhazidyfgrbdabiod,bxa.bcogpbU.d,bkiilbfgbdyi
qoxpbXa.bqfnnbuibh.mibdabyiombqyigbdyib .mxbcazibfgpbJag'dbuibobzazigd
uiyfgjbdyiz,bsambFbqogdbxa.bdabdokibdyibvimjfcdbuockbdabdyibuogkpbXa.
omibdyibw.fckihdbzihhigrimbFbkgaq,bogjbqfnnbridbdabDizlnibUombnagr
uisamibFbcogp”

 immxbyojb .hdbiga.rybsamiyiojbdabkg.ckni,bogjbyibkg.cknijbfdbfg
ockgaqnijrzigdbasbdyfhbcazz.gfcodfagbogjbobhyfnnfgrpbZmpbComdagbcozib.l
odbdyibzazigd,bogjbda.cyijbZmpbNammxbagbdyibomzp

“Yaqbfhbdyibxa.grbnojx?”

“Hyibfhbrmiodnxbjfhdmihhij;bu.dbyimbsodyimbfhbcazsamdfgrbyim,bogjbhyi
siinhbdyibuiddimbsambuifgrba.dbasbca.mdp”

“F'nnbdinnbdyiblmfhagimbhapbFdbqag'dbjabsambobmihlicdounibuogkbrigdnizog
nfkibxa.,bdabuibhiigbhliokfgrbdabyfzbl.unfcnx,bxa.bkgaqp”

ZmpbNammxbmijjigijbohbfsbyibqimibcaghcfa.hbasbyovfgrbjiuodijbdyiblafgd
fgbyfhbzfgj,bogjbZmpbComdagbzojibyfhbqoxbdabdyiba.dhfjibasbdyibuomp
Dyibqoxba.dbasbca.mdbnoxbfgbdyodbjfmicdfag,bogjb immxbsannaqijbyfz,bonn
ixih,biomh,bogjbhlfkihp

“ZmpbJomgox!”

Dyiblmfhagimbcozibsamqomjbjfmicdnxp

“Xa.bqfnnbgod.monnxbuibogefa.hbdabyiombasbdyibqfdgihh,bZfhhbZogiddipbHyi
qfnnbjabvimxbqinnpbXa.byovibhiigbdyibqamhdbasbyimborfdodfagp”

“Fbozbjiilnxbhammxbdabyovibuiigbdyibco.hibasbfdpbCa.njbxa.bdinnbyimbha
sambzi,bqfdybzxbsimvigdbockgaqnijrzigdh?”

“Xih,bFbca.njpbFbqfnn,bfsbxa.bohkbfdp”

ZmpbComdag'hbzoggimbqohbhabcominihhbohbdabuibonzahdbfghanigdpbYibhdaaj,
yonsbd.mgijbsmazbdyiblmfhagim,bna.grfgrbqfdybyfhbinuaqborofghdbdyibuomp

“FbjabohkbfdpbOccildbzxbcamjfonbdyogkhp”

“Qyod,”bhofjbComdag,bhdfnnbagnxbyonsbd.mgijbdaqomjhbyfz,b“jabxa.bielicd,
ZmpbJomgox?”

“Dyibqamhdp”

“Fd'hbdyibqfhihdbdyfgrbdabielicd,bogjbdyibnfkinfihdpbU.dbFbdyfgkbdyifm
qfdyjmoqfgrbfhbfgbxa.mbsova.mp”

Nafdimfgrbagbdyibqoxba.dbasbca.mdbgadbuifgrbonnaqij,b immxbyiomjbga
zami:bu.dbnisdbdyiz--habnfkibiocybadyimbfgbsiod.mi,bhab.gnfkibiocybadyim
fgbzoggim--hdogjfgrbhfjibuxbhfji,buadybmisnicdijbfgbdyibrnohhbouavi
dyizp

Ogbya.mbogjbobyonsbnfzlijbyiovfnxboqoxbfgbdyibdyfis-ogj-mohconbcmaqjij
lohhorihbuinaq,bivigbdya.rybohhfhdijbassbqfdybz.ddagblfihbogjbonip
Dyibyaomhibzihhigrim,b.gcazsamdounxbhiodijbagbobsamzbosdimbdokfgrbdyod
misicdfag,byojbjmallijbfgdabobjati,bqyigbobna.jbz.mz.mbogjbobmolfjbdfji
asblialnibhiddfgrb.lbdyibhdofmhbdyodbnijbdabdyibca.md,bcommfijbyfzbonagr
qfdybdyizp

“ immx!b immx!”bZmpbNammxbqohbonmiojxbconnfgrbodbdyibjaambqyigbyibrad
dyimip

“Yimi,bhfm!bFd'hbobsfrydbdabridbuockborofgpbYimibFboz,bhfm!”

ZmpbNammxbyogjijbyfzboblolimbdyma.rybdyibdymagrpb“W.fck!bYovibxa.brad
fd?”

“Xih,bhfmp”

Yohdfnxbqmfddigbagbdyiblolimbqohbdyibqamjb“OCW.FDDIJp”

“Fsbxa.byojbhigdbdyibzihhori,b'MiconnijbdabNfsi,'borofg,”bz.ddimij
 immx,bohbyibd.mgij,b“Fbhya.njbyovibkgaqgbqyodbxa.bziogd,bdyfhbdfzip”

Yibyojbgaballamd.gfdxbasbhoxfgr,bambhabz.cybohbdyfgkfgr,bogxdyfgrbinhi,
.gdfnbyibqohbcniombasbdyibAnjbUofnix;bsam,bdyibcmaqjbcozibla.mfgrba.d
qfdybobviyizigcibdyodbgiomnxbdaakbyfzbassbyfhbnirh,bogjbobna.jbu.tt
hqildbfgdabdyibhdmiidbohbfsbdyibuossnijbun.i-snfihbqimibjfhlimhfgrbfg
hiomcybasbadyimbcommfagp




FVpbCagrmod.nodamx


Smazbdyibjfznx-nfrydijblohhorihbasbdyibca.md,bdyibnohdbhijfzigdbasbdyi
y.zogbhdiqbdyodbyojbuiigbuafnfgrbdyimibonnbjox,bqohbhdmofgfgrbass,bqyig
JacdambZogiddi,bN.cfibZogiddi,byfhbjo.rydim,bZmpbNammx,bdyibhanfcfdam
sambdyibjisigci,bogjbfdhbca.ghin,bZmpbHdmxvim,bhdaajbrodyimijbma.gjbZmp
CyomnihbJomgox-- .hdbminiohij--cagrmod.nodfgrbyfzbagbyfhbihcolibsmaz
jiodyp

Fdbqa.njbyovibuiigbjfssfc.ndbuxbobsombumfrydimbnfryd,bdabmicargfhi
fgbJacdambZogiddi,bfgdinnicd.onbasbsocibogjb.lmfrydbasbuiomfgr,bdyi
hyaizokimbasbdyibrommidbfgbLomfhpbXid,bgabagibca.njbyovibnaakijbodbyfz
dqfci,bqfdya.dbnaakfgrborofg:bivigbdya.rybdyiballamd.gfdxbasbauhimvodfag
yojbgadbiedigjijbdabdyibza.mgs.nbcojigcibasbyfhbnaqbrmovibvafci,bogj
dabdyibouhdmocdfagbdyodbavimcna.jijbyfzbsfds.nnx,bqfdya.dbogxbollomigd
miohagpbQyfnibagibiedimgonbco.hi,bogjbdyodbobmisimigcibdabyfhbnagr
nfgrimfgrboragx,bqa.njbonqoxh--ohbagbdyibdmfon--ivakibdyfhbcagjfdfag
smazbdyibjildyhbasbyfhbha.n,bfdbqohbonhabfgbfdhbgod.mibdabomfhibas
fdhins,bogjbdabjmoqbobrnaazbavimbyfz,bohbfgcazlmiyighfunibdabdyahi
.gocw.ofgdijbqfdybyfhbhdamxbohbfsbdyixbyojbhiigbdyibhyojaqbasbdyibocd.on
Uohdfnnibdymaqgb.lagbyfzbuxbobh.zzimbh.g,bqyigbdyibh.uhdogcibqohbdymii
y.gjmijbzfnihboqoxp

Agnxbyfhbjo.rydimbyojbdyiblaqimbasbcyomzfgrbdyfhbunockbumaajfgrbsmaz
yfhbzfgjpbHyibqohbdyibranjigbdymiojbdyodb.gfdijbyfzbdabobLohdbuixagjbyfh
zfhimx,bogjbdabobLmihigdbuixagjbyfhbzfhimx:bogjbdyibha.gjbasbyimbvafci,
dyibnfrydbasbyimbsoci,bdyibda.cybasbyimbyogj,byojbobhdmagrbuigisfcfon
fgsn.igcibqfdybyfzbonzahdbonqoxhpbGadbouhan.dinxbonqoxh,bsambhyibca.nj
miconnbhazibaccohfaghbagbqyfcybyimblaqimbyojbsofnij;bu.dbdyixbqimibsiq
ogjbhnfryd,bogjbhyibuinfivijbdyizbavimp

ZmpbJomgoxbyojbkfhhijbyimbyogjbsimvigdnxbogjbrmodis.nnx,bogjbyojbd.mgij
dabZmpbHdmxvim,bqyazbyibqomznxbdyogkijpbZmpbHdmxvim,bobzogbasbnfddni
zamibdyogbdyfmdx,bu.dbnaakfgrbdqigdxbxiomhbanjimbdyogbyibqoh,bhda.d,
na.j,bmij,bun.ss,bogjbsmiibsmazbogxbjmoquockbasbjinfcocx,byojbobl.hyfgr
qoxbasbhya.njimfgrbyfzhinsb(zamonnxbogjblyxhfconnx)bfgdabcazlogfihbogj
cagvimhodfagh,bdyodbomr.ijbqinnbsambyfhbhya.njimfgrbyfhbqoxb.lbfgbnfsip

Yibhdfnnbyojbyfhbqfrbogjbraqgbag,bogjbyibhofj,bhw.omfgrbyfzhinsbodbyfh
nodibcnfigdbdabdyodbjirmiibdyodbyibhw.iitijbdyibfggacigdbZmpbNammxbcniog
a.dbasbdyibrma.l:b“Fbozbrnojbdabyovibuma.rydbxa.bassbqfdybyaga.m,bZmp
JomgoxpbFdbqohbogbfgsoza.hblmahic.dfag,brmahhnxbfgsoza.h;bu.dbgadbdyi
nihhbnfkinxbdabh.cciijbagbdyodbocca.gdp”

“Xa.byovibnofjbzib.gjimbogbaunfrodfagbdabxa.bsambnfsi--fgbdqabhighih,”
bhofjbyfhbnodibcnfigd,bdokfgrbyfhbyogjp

“Fbyovibjagibzxbuihdbsambxa.,bZmpbJomgox;bogjbzxbuihdbfhbohbraajboh
ogadyimbzog'h,bFbuinfivip”

Fdbcniomnxbuifgrbfgc.zuigdbagbhazibagibdabhox,b“Z.cybuiddim,”bZmpbNammx
hofjbfd;blimyolhbgadbw.fdibjfhfgdimihdijnx,bu.dbqfdybdyibfgdimihdij
au icdbasbhw.iitfgrbyfzhinsbuockborofgp

“Xa.bdyfgkbha?”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvimpb“Qinn!bxa.byovibuiigblmihigdbonnbjox,
ogjbxa.ba.rydbdabkgaqpbXa.bomibobzogbasbu.hfgihh,bdaap”

“Ogjbohbh.cy,”bw.adybZmpbNammx,bqyazbdyibca.ghinbniomgijbfgbdyibnoqbyoj
gaqbhya.njimijbuockbfgdabdyibrma.l,b .hdbohbyibyojblmivfa.hnxbhya.njimij
yfzba.dbasbfd--“ohbh.cybFbqfnnbollionbdabJacdambZogiddi,bdabumiokb.l
dyfhbcagsimigcibogjbamjimb.hbonnbdaba.mbyazihpbZfhhbN.cfibnaakhbfnn,bZmp
Jomgoxbyohbyojbobdimmfunibjox,bqibomibqamgba.dp”

“Hliokbsambxa.mhins,bZmpbNammx,”bhofjbHdmxvim;b“Fbyovibobgfryd'hbqamkbda
jabxidpbHliokbsambxa.mhinsp”

“Fbhliokbsambzxhins,”boghqimijbZmpbNammx,b“ogjbsambZmpbJomgox,bogjbsam
ZfhhbN.cfi,bogj--ZfhhbN.cfi,bjabxa.bgadbdyfgkbFbzoxbhliokbsamb.hbonn?”
bYibohkijbyimbdyibw.ihdfagblafgdijnx,bogjbqfdybobrnogcibodbyimbsodyimp

Yfhbsocibyojbuicazibsmatig,bohbfdbqimi,bfgbobvimxbc.mfa.hbnaakbod
Jomgox:bogbfgdigdbnaak,bjiiligfgrbfgdabobsmaqgbasbjfhnfkibogjbjfhdm.hd,
gadbivigb.gzfeijbqfdybsiompbQfdybdyfhbhdmogribielmihhfagbagbyfzbyfh
dya.rydhbyojbqogjimijboqoxp

“Zxbsodyim,”bhofjbN.cfi,bhasdnxbnoxfgrbyimbyogjbagbyfhp

Yibhnaqnxbhyaakbdyibhyojaqbass,bogjbd.mgijbdabyimp

“Hyonnbqibrabyazi,bzxbsodyim?”

Qfdybobnagrbumiody,byiboghqimijb“Xihp”

Dyibsmfigjhbasbdyibocw.fddijblmfhagimbyojbjfhlimhij,b.gjimbdyi
fzlmihhfag--qyfcybyibyfzhinsbyojbamfrfgodij--dyodbyibqa.njbgadbui
miniohijbdyodbgfrydpbDyibnfrydhbqimibgiomnxbonnbiedfgr.fhyijbfgbdyi
lohhorih,bdyibfmagbrodihbqimibuifgrbcnahijbqfdybob ombogjbobmoddni,
ogjbdyibjfhzonblnocibqohbjihimdijb.gdfnbda-zammaqbzamgfgr'hbfgdimihdbas
ronnaqh,blfnnamx,bqyfllfgr-lahd,bogjbumogjfgr-fmag,bhya.njbmilialnibfdp
QonkfgrbuidqiigbyimbsodyimbogjbZmpbJomgox,bN.cfibZogiddiblohhijbfgda
dyibaligbofmpbObyockgix-caocybqohbconnij,bogjbdyibsodyimbogjbjo.rydim
jilomdijbfgbfdp

ZmpbHdmxvimbyojbnisdbdyizbfgbdyiblohhorih,bdabhya.njimbyfhbqoxbuock
dabdyibmaufgr-maazpbOgadyimblimhag,bqyabyojbgadb afgijbdyibrma.l,bam
fgdimcyogrijbobqamjbqfdybogxbagibasbdyiz,bu.dbqyabyojbuiigbniogfgr
orofghdbdyibqonnbqyimibfdhbhyojaqbqohbjomkihd,byojbhfnigdnxbhdmannij
a.dbosdimbdyibmihd,bogjbyojbnaakijbagb.gdfnbdyibcaocybjmaviboqoxpbYibgaq
hdillijb.lbdabqyimibZmpbNammxbogjbZmpbJomgoxbhdaajb.lagbdyiblovizigdp

“Ha,bZmpbNammx!bZigbasbu.hfgihhbzoxbhliokbdabZmpbJomgoxbgaq?”

GauajxbyojbzojibogxbockgaqnijrzigdbasbZmpbComdag'hblomdbfgbdyibjox'h
lmaciijfgrh;bgauajxbyojbkgaqgbasbfdpbYibqohb.gmauij,bogjbqohbgagibdyi
uiddimbsambfdbfgbolliomogcip

“Fsbxa.bkgiqbqyodbobcagsnfcdbraihbagbfgbdyibu.hfgihhbzfgj,bqyigbdyi
u.hfgihhbzfgjbfhbjfvfjijbuidqiigbraaj-god.mijbfzl.nhibogjbu.hfgihh
olliomogcih,bxa.bqa.njbuiboz.hij,bZmpbJomgoxp”

ZmpbNammxbmijjigij,bogjbhofj,bqomznx,b“Xa.byovibzigdfagijbdyodbuisami,
hfmpbQibzigbasbu.hfgihh,bqyabhimvibobYa.hi,bomibgadba.mbaqgbzohdimhpbQi
yovibdabdyfgkbasbdyibYa.hibzamibdyogba.mhinvihp”

“_F_bkgaq,b_F_bkgaq,”bmi afgijbZmpbComdag,bcominihhnxpb“Jag'dbui
giddnij,bZmpbNammxpbXa.bomibohbraajbohbogadyim,bFbyovibgabja.ud:buiddim,
Fbjomibhoxp”

“Ogjbfgjiij,bhfm,”bl.mh.ijbZmpbNammx,bgadbzfgjfgrbyfz,b“Fbmionnxbjag'd
kgaqbqyodbxa.byovibdabjabqfdybdyibzoddimpbFsbxa.'nnbiec.hibzi,bohbvimx
z.cybxa.mbinjim,bsambhoxfgrbha,bFbmionnxbjag'dbkgaqbdyodbfdbfhbxa.m
u.hfgihhp”

“U.hfgihh!bUnihhbxa.,b_F_byovibgabu.hfgihh,”bhofjbZmpbComdagp

“Fdbfhboblfdxbxa.byovibgad,bhfmp”

“Fbdyfgkbha,bdaap”

“Fsbxa.byoj,”bl.mh.ijbZmpbNammx,b“limyolhbxa.bqa.njboddigjbdabfdp”

“Namjbnavibxa.,bga!--Fbhya.njg'd,”bhofjbZmpbComdagp

“Qinn,bhfm!”bcmfijbZmpbNammx,bdyama.rynxbyiodijbuxbyfhbfgjfssimigci,
“u.hfgihhbfhbobvimxbraajbdyfgr,bogjbobvimxbmihlicdounibdyfgrpbOgj,bhfm,
fsbu.hfgihhbfzlahihbfdhbmihdmofgdhbogjbfdhbhfnigcihbogjbfzlijfzigdh,bZmp
Jomgoxbohbobxa.grbrigdnizogbasbrigimahfdxbkgaqhbyaqbdabzokibonnaqogci
sambdyodbcfmc.zhdogcipbZmpbJomgox,braajbgfryd,bRajbunihhbxa.,bhfm!
Fbyalibxa.byovibuiigbdyfhbjoxblmihimvijbsamboblmahlima.hbogjbyollx
nfsip--Cyofmbdyimi!”

Limyolhbobnfddnibogrmxbqfdybyfzhins,bohbqinnbohbqfdybdyibuommfhdim,bZmp
Nammxbu.hdnijbfgdabdyibcyofm,bogjbqohbcommfijbassbdabDinnhag'hpbComdag,
qyabhzindbasblamdbqfgi,bogjbjfjbgadbolliombdabuibw.fdibhauim,bno.ryij
dyig,bogjbd.mgijbdabJomgox:

“Dyfhbfhbobhdmogribcyogcibdyodbdymaqhbxa.bogjbzibdaridyimpbDyfhbz.hd
uibobhdmogribgfrydbdabxa.,bhdogjfgrbonagibyimibqfdybxa.mbca.gdimlomdbag
dyihibhdmiidbhdagih?”

“Fbyomjnxbhiizbxid,”bmid.mgijbCyomnihbJomgox,b“dabuinagrbdabdyfhbqamnj
orofgp”

“Fbjag'dbqagjimbodbfd;bfd'hbgadbhabnagrbhfgcibxa.bqimiblmiddxbsom
ojvogcijbagbxa.mbqoxbdabogadyimpbXa.bhliokbsofgdnxp”

“FbuirfgbdabdyfgkbFb_oz_bsofgdp”

“Dyigbqyxbdyibjivfnbjag'dbxa.bjfgi?bFbjfgij,bzxhins,bqyfnibdyahi
g.zhk.nnhbqimibjinfuimodfgrbqyfcybqamnjbxa.bhya.njbuinagrbda--dyfh,bam
hazibadyimpbNidbzibhyaqbxa.bdyibgiomihdbdovimgbdabjfgibqinnbodp”

Jmoqfgrbyfhbomzbdyma.rybyfhbaqg,byibdaakbyfzbjaqgbN.jrodi-yfnnbda
Sniid-hdmiid,bogjbha,b.lbobcavimijbqox,bfgdabobdovimgpbYimi,bdyixbqimi
hyaqgbfgdabobnfddnibmaaz,bqyimibCyomnihbJomgoxbqohbhaagbmicm.fdfgr
yfhbhdmigrdybqfdybobraajblnofgbjfggimbogjbraajbqfgi:bqyfnibComdagbhod
allahfdibdabyfzbodbdyibhozibdouni,bqfdybyfhbhilomodibuaddnibasblamd
uisamibyfz,bogjbyfhbs.nnxbyons-fghanigdbzoggimb.lagbyfzp

“Jabxa.bsiin,bxid,bdyodbxa.buinagrbdabdyfhbdimmihdmfonbhcyiziborofg,bZmp
Jomgox?”

“Fbozbsmfryds.nnxbcags.hijbmiromjfgrbdfzibogjblnoci;bu.dbFbozbhabsom
zigjijbohbdabsiinbdyodp”

“Fdbz.hdbuibogbfzzighibhodfhsocdfag!”

Yibhofjbfdbufddimnx,bogjbsfnnijb.lbyfhbrnohhborofg:bqyfcybqohbobnomri
agip

“Ohbdabzi,bdyibrmiodihdbjihfmibFbyovi,bfhbdabsamridbdyodbFbuinagrbdabfdp
Fdbyohbgabraajbfgbfdbsambzi--iecildbqfgibnfkibdyfh--gambFbsambfdpbHabqi
omibgadbz.cybonfkibfgbdyodblomdfc.nompbFgjiij,bFbuirfgbdabdyfgkbqibomi
gadbz.cybonfkibfgbogxblomdfc.nom,bxa.bogjbFp”

Cags.hijbuxbdyibizadfagbasbdyibjox,bogjbsiinfgrbyfhbuifgrbdyimibqfdy
dyfhbJa.unibasbcaomhibjilamdzigd,bdabuibnfkibobjmioz,bCyomnihbJomgoxbqoh
odbobnahhbyaqbdaboghqim;bsfgonnx,boghqimijbgadbodbonnp

“Gaqbxa.mbjfggimbfhbjagi,”bComdagblmihigdnxbhofj,b“qyxbjag'dbxa.bconnbo
yiondy,bZmpbJomgox;bqyxbjag'dbxa.brfvibxa.mbdaohd?”

“Qyodbyiondy?bQyodbdaohd?”

“Qyx,bfd'hbagbdyibdflbasbxa.mbdagr.ipbFdba.rydbdabui,bfdbz.hdbui,bF'nn
hqiombfd'hbdyimip”

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bdyig!”

“ZfhhbZogiddi,bdyig!”

Naakfgrbyfhbcazlogfagbs.nnbfgbdyibsocibqyfnibyibjmogkbdyibdaohd,bComdag
sn.grbyfhbrnohhbavimbyfhbhya.njimborofghdbdyibqonn,bqyimibfdbhyfvimijbda
lficih;bdyig,bmogrbdyibuinn,bogjbamjimijbfgbogadyimp

“Dyod'hbobsofmbxa.grbnojxbdabyogjbdabobcaocybfgbdyibjomk,bZmpbJomgox!”
byibhofj,bsfnnfgrbyfhbgiqbraunidp

Obhnfrydbsmaqgbogjbobnocagfcb“Xih,”bqimibdyiboghqimp

“Dyod'hbobsofmbxa.grbnojxbdabuiblfdfijbuxbogjbqildbsambux!bYaqbjaihbfd
siin?bFhbfdbqamdybuifgrbdmfijbsambagi'hbnfsi,bdabuibdyibau icdbasbh.cy
hxzlodyxbogjbcazlohhfag,bZmpbJomgox?”

OrofgbJomgoxboghqimijbgadbobqamjp

“Hyibqohbzfrydfnxblniohijbdabyovibxa.mbzihhori,bqyigbFbrovibfdbyimpbGad
dyodbhyibhyaqijbhyibqohblniohij,bu.dbFbh.llahibhyibqohp”

Dyibonn.hfagbhimvijbohbobdfzinxbmizfgjimbdabJomgoxbdyodbdyfh
jfhormiiounibcazlogfagbyoj,basbyfhbaqgbsmiibqfnn,bohhfhdijbyfzbfgbdyi
hdmofdbasbdyibjoxpbYibd.mgijbdyibjfonar.ibdabdyodblafgd,bogjbdyogkijbyfz
sambfdp

“Fbgifdyimbqogdbogxbdyogkh,bgambzimfdbogx,”bqohbdyibcominihhbmi afgjimp
“Fdbqohbgadyfgrbdabja,bfgbdyibsfmhdblnoci;bogjbFbjag'dbkgaqbqyxbFbjfj
fd,bfgbdyibhicagjpbZmpbJomgox,bnidbzibohkbxa.bobw.ihdfagp”

“Qfnnfgrnx,bogjbobhzonnbmid.mgbsambxa.mbraajbassfcihp”

“Jabxa.bdyfgkbFblomdfc.nomnxbnfkibxa.?”

“Mionnx,bZmpbComdag,”bmid.mgijbdyibadyim,bajjnxbjfhcagcimdij,b“Fbyovi
gadbohkijbzxhinsbdyibw.ihdfagp”

“U.dbohkbxa.mhinsbdyibw.ihdfagbgaqp”

“Xa.byovibocdijbohbfsbxa.bja;bu.dbFbjag'dbdyfgkbxa.bjap”

“_F_bjag'dbdyfgkbFbja,”bhofjbComdagpb“Fbuirfgbdabyovibobvimxbraaj
alfgfagbasbxa.mb.gjimhdogjfgrp”

“Givimdyinihh,”bl.mh.ijbJomgox,bmfhfgrbdabmfgrbdyibuinn,b“dyimibfh
gadyfgrbfgbdyod,bFbyali,bdablmivigdbzxbconnfgrbdyibmickagfgr,bogjba.m
lomdfgrbqfdya.dbfnn-unaajbagbifdyimbhfjip”

Comdagbmi afgfgr,b“Gadyfgrbfgbnfsi!”bJomgoxbmogrpb“Jabxa.bconnbdyibqyani
mickagfgr?”bhofjbComdagpbAgbyfhboghqimfgrbfgbdyibossfmzodfvi,b“Dyig
umfgrbzibogadyimblfgdbasbdyfhbhozibqfgi,bjmoqim,bogjbcazibogjbqokibzibod
digp”

Dyibufnnbuifgrblofj,bCyomnihbJomgoxbmahibogjbqfhyijbyfzbraajbgfrydp
Qfdya.dbmid.mgfgrbdyibqfhy,bComdagbmahibdaa,bqfdybhazidyfgrbasbobdymiod
asbjisfogcibfgbyfhbzoggim,bogjbhofj,b“Obnohdbqamj,bZmpbJomgox:bxa.bdyfgk
Fbozbjm.gk?”

“Fbdyfgkbxa.byovibuiigbjmfgkfgr,bZmpbComdagp”

“Dyfgk?bXa.bkgaqbFbyovibuiigbjmfgkfgrp”

“HfgcibFbz.hdbhoxbha,bFbkgaqbfdp”

“Dyigbxa.bhyonnbnfkiqfhibkgaqbqyxpbFbozbobjfhollafgdijbjm.jri,bhfmpbF
comibsambgabzogbagbiomdy,bogjbgabzogbagbiomdybcomihbsambzip”

“Z.cybdabuibmirmiddijpbXa.bzfrydbyovib.hijbxa.mbdonigdhbuiddimp”

“Zoxbuibha,bZmpbJomgox;bzoxbuibgadpbJag'dbnidbxa.mbhauimbsocibinodibxa.,
yaqivim;bxa.bjag'dbkgaqbqyodbfdbzoxbcazibdapbRaajbgfryd!”

Qyigbyibqohbnisdbonagi,bdyfhbhdmogribuifgrbdaakb.lbobcogjni,bqigdbdabo
rnohhbdyodby.grborofghdbdyibqonn,bogjbh.mvixijbyfzhinsbzfg.dinxbfgbfdp

“Jabxa.blomdfc.nomnxbnfkibdyibzog?”byibz.ddimij,bodbyfhbaqgbfzori;b“qyx
hya.njbxa.blomdfc.nomnxbnfkibobzogbqyabmihizunihbxa.?bDyimibfhbgadyfgr
fgbxa.bdabnfki;bxa.bkgaqbdyodpbOy,bcagsa.gjbxa.!bQyodbobcyogribxa.byovi
zojibfgbxa.mhins!bObraajbmiohagbsambdokfgrbdabobzog,bdyodbyibhyaqhbxa.
qyodbxa.byovibsonnigboqoxbsmaz,bogjbqyodbxa.bzfrydbyovibuiig!bCyogri
lnocihbqfdybyfz,bogjbqa.njbxa.byovibuiigbnaakijbodbuxbdyahibun.ibixihboh
yibqoh,bogjbcazzfhimodijbuxbdyodborfdodijbsocibohbyibqoh?bCazibag,bogj
yovibfdba.dbfgblnofgbqamjh!bXa.byodibdyibsinnaqp”

Yibmihamdijbdabyfhblfgdbasbqfgibsambcaghanodfag,bjmogkbfdbonnbfgbobsiq
zfg.dih,bogjbsinnbohniilbagbyfhbomzh,bqfdybyfhbyofmbhdmorrnfgrbavimbdyi
douni,bogjbobnagrbqfgjfgr-hyiidbfgbdyibcogjnibjmfllfgrbjaqgb.lagbyfzp




VpbDyib ockon


Dyahibqimibjmfgkfgrbjoxh,bogjbzahdbzigbjmogkbyomjpbHabvimxbrmiodbfh
dyibfzlmavizigdbDfzibyohbuma.rydboua.dbfgbh.cybyoufdh,bdyodbobzajimodi
hdodizigdbasbdyibw.ogdfdxbasbqfgibogjbl.gcybqyfcybagibzogbqa.njbhqonnaq
fgbdyibca.mhibasbobgfryd,bqfdya.dbogxbjidmfzigdbdabyfhbmil.dodfagbohbo
limsicdbrigdnizog,bqa.njbhiiz,bfgbdyihibjoxh,bobmfjfc.na.hbieorrimodfagp
Dyibniomgijblmasihhfagbasbdyibnoqbqohbcimdofgnxbgadbuiyfgjbogxbadyim
niomgijblmasihhfagbfgbfdhbUoccyogonfogblmalighfdfih;bgifdyimbqohbZmp
Hdmxvim,bonmiojxbsohdbhya.njimfgrbyfhbqoxbdabobnomribogjbn.cmodfvi
lmocdfci,buiyfgjbyfhbcazliimhbfgbdyfhblomdfc.nom,bogxbzamibdyogbfgbdyi
jmfimblomdhbasbdyibnironbmocip

Obsova.mfdibodbdyibAnjbUofnix,bogjbikibodbdyibHihhfagh,bZmpbHdmxvimbyoj
uir.gbco.dfa.hnxbdabyiqboqoxbdyibnaqimbhdovihbasbdyibnojjimbagbqyfcy
yibza.gdijpbHihhfaghbogjbAnjbUofnixbyojbgaqbdabh.zzagbdyifmbsova.mfdi,
hlicfonnx,bdabdyifmbnagrfgrbomzh;bogjbhya.njimfgrbfdhinsbdaqomjhbdyi
vfhoribasbdyibNamjbCyfisb .hdfcibfgbdyibCa.mdbasbKfgr'hbUigcy,bdyi
snamfjbca.gdigogcibasbZmpbHdmxvimbzfrydbuibjofnxbhiig,bu.mhdfgrba.dbas
dyibuijbasbqfrh,bnfkibobrmiodbh.gsnaqimbl.hyfgrbfdhbqoxbodbdyibh.gbsmaz
ozagrbobmogkbromjig-s.nnbasbsnomfgrbcazlogfaghp

FdbyojbagcibuiigbgadijbodbdyibUom,bdyodbqyfnibZmpbHdmxvimbqohbobrnfu
zog,bogjbogb.ghcm.l.na.h,bogjbobmiojx,bogjbobuanj,byibyojbgadbdyod
soc.ndxbasbiedmocdfgrbdyibihhigcibsmazbobyiolbasbhdodizigdh,bqyfcybfh
ozagrbdyibzahdbhdmfkfgrbogjbgicihhomxbasbdyibojvacodi'hboccazlnfhyzigdhp
U.d,bobmizomkounibfzlmavizigdbcozib.lagbyfzbohbdabdyfhpbDyibzami
u.hfgihhbyibrad,bdyibrmiodimbyfhblaqimbhiizijbdabrmaqbasbriddfgrbodbfdh
lfdybogjbzommaq;bogjbyaqivimbnodibodbgfrydbyibhodbcoma.hfgrbqfdybHxjgix
Comdag,byibonqoxhbyojbyfhblafgdhbodbyfhbsfgrimh'bigjhbfgbdyibzamgfgrp

HxjgixbComdag,bfjnihdbogjbzahdb.glmazfhfgrbasbzig,bqohbHdmxvim'hbrmiod
onnxpbQyodbdyibdqabjmogkbdaridyim,buidqiigbYfnomxbDimzbogjbZfcyoinzoh,
zfrydbyovibsnaodijbobkfgr'hbhyflpbHdmxvimbgivimbyojbobcohibfgbyogj,
ogxqyimi,bu.dbComdagbqohbdyimi,bqfdybyfhbyogjhbfgbyfhblackidh,bhdomfgr
odbdyibcifnfgrbasbdyibca.md;bdyixbqigdbdyibhozibCfmc.fd,bogjbivigbdyimi
dyixblmanagrijbdyifmb.h.onbamrfihbnodibfgdabdyibgfryd,bogjbComdagbqoh
m.za.mijbdabuibhiigbodbumaojbjox,brafgrbyazibhdiondyfnxbogjb.ghdiojfnx
dabyfhbnajrfgrh,bnfkibobjfhhflodijbcodpbOdbnohd,bfdbuirogbdabridboua.d,
ozagrbh.cybohbqimibfgdimihdijbfgbdyibzoddim,bdyodbondya.rybHxjgixbComdag
qa.njbgivimbuibobnfag,byibqohbogbozotfgrnxbraajb ockon,bogjbdyodbyi
migjimijbh.fdbogjbhimvfcibdabHdmxvimbfgbdyodby.zunibcolocfdxp

“Digba'cnack,bhfm,”bhofjbdyibzogbodbdyibdovimg,bqyazbyibyojbcyomrijbda
qokibyfz--“digba'cnack,bhfmp”

“_Qyod'h_bdyibzoddim?”

“Digba'cnack,bhfmp”

“Qyodbjabxa.bziog?bDigba'cnackbodbgfryd?”

“Xih,bhfmpbXa.mbyaga.mbdanjbzibdabconnbxa.p”

“Ay!bFbmizizuimpbVimxbqinn,bvimxbqinnp”

Osdimbobsiqbj.nnbissamdhbdabridbdabhniilborofg,bqyfcybdyibzog
jiedima.hnxbcazuodijbuxbhdfmmfgrbdyibsfmibcagdfg.a.hnxbsambsfvibzfg.dih,
yibradb.l,bdahhijbyfhbyodbag,bogjbqonkijba.dpbYibd.mgijbfgdabdyibDizlni,
ogj,byovfgrbmivfvijbyfzhinsbuxbdqfciblocfgrbdyiblovizigdhbasbKfgr'h
Uigcy-qonkbogjbLolim-u.fnjfgrh,bd.mgijbfgdabdyibHdmxvimbcyozuimhp

DyibHdmxvimbcnimk,bqyabgivimbohhfhdijbodbdyihibcagsimigcih,byojbragi
yazi,bogjbdyibHdmxvimblmfgcflonbaligijbdyibjaampbYibyojbyfhbhnfllimhbag,
ogjbobnaahibuij-raqg,bogjbyfhbdymaodbqohbuomibsambyfhbrmiodimbiohipbYi
yojbdyodbmodyimbqfnj,bhdmofgij,bhiomijbzomkfgrboua.dbdyibixih,bqyfcy
zoxbuibauhimvijbfgbonnbsmiibnfvimhbasbyfhbcnohh,bsmazbdyiblamdmofdbas
 issmfihbjaqgqomj,bogjbqyfcybcogbuibdmocij,b.gjimbvomfa.hbjfhr.fhihbas
Omd,bdyma.rybdyiblamdmofdhbasbivimxbJmfgkfgrbOrip

“Xa.bomibobnfddnibnodi,bZizamx,”bhofjbHdmxvimp

“Oua.dbdyib.h.onbdfzi;bfdbzoxbuibobw.omdimbasbogbya.mbnodimp”

Dyixbqigdbfgdabobjfgrxbmaazbnfgijbqfdybuaakhbogjbnfddimijbqfdyblolimh,
qyimibdyimibqohbobunotfgrbsfmipbObkiddnibhdiozijb.lagbdyibyau,bogjbfg
dyibzfjhdbasbdyibqmickbasblolimhbobdounibhyagi,bqfdyblnigdxbasbqfgib.lag
fd,bogjbumogjx,bogjbm.z,bogjbh.rom,bogjbnizaghp

“Xa.byovibyojbxa.mbuaddni,bFblimcifvi,bHxjgixp”

“Dqabda-gfryd,bFbdyfgkpbFbyovibuiigbjfgfgrbqfdybdyibjox'hbcnfigd;bam
hiifgrbyfzbjfgi--fd'hbonnbagi!”

“Dyodbqohbobmomiblafgd,bHxjgix,bdyodbxa.buma.rydbdabuiomb.lagbdyi
fjigdfsfcodfagpbYaqbjfjbxa.bcazibuxbfd?bQyigbjfjbfdbhdmfkibxa.?”

“Fbdya.rydbyibqohbmodyimbobyogjhazibsinnaq,bogjbFbdya.rydbFbhya.njbyovi
uiigbz.cybdyibhozibhamdbasbsinnaq,bfsbFbyojbyojbogxbn.ckp”

ZmpbHdmxvimbno.ryijbdfnnbyibhyaakbyfhblmicacfa.hblo.gcyp

“Xa.bogjbxa.mbn.ck,bHxjgix!bRidbdabqamk,bridbdabqamkp”

H.nnignxbiga.ry,bdyib ockonbnaahigijbyfhbjmihh,bqigdbfgdabogboj afgfgr
maaz,bogjbcozibuockbqfdybobnomrib .rbasbcanjbqodim,bobuohfg,bogjbobdaqin
ambdqapbHdiilfgrbdyibdaqinhbfgbdyibqodim,bogjblomdfonnxbqmfgrfgrbdyiz
a.d,byibsanjijbdyizbagbyfhbyiojbfgbobzoggimbyfjia.hbdabuiyanj,bhodbjaqg
odbdyibdouni,bogjbhofj,b“GaqbFbozbmiojx!”

“Gadbz.cybuafnfgrbjaqgbdabuibjagibda-gfryd,bZizamx,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,
rofnx,bohbyibnaakijbozagrbyfhblolimhp

“Yaqbz.cy?”

“Agnxbdqabhidhbasbdyizp”

“Rfvibzibdyibqamhdbsfmhdp”

“Dyimibdyixbomi,bHxjgixpbSfmiboqox!”

Dyibnfagbdyigbcazlahijbyfzhinsbagbyfhbuockbagbobhasobagbagibhfjibasbdyi
jmfgkfgr-douni,bqyfnibdyib ockonbhodbodbyfhbaqgblolim-uihdmiqgbdouni
lmalim,bagbdyibadyimbhfjibasbfd,bqfdybdyibuaddnihbogjbrnohhihbmiojxbda
yfhbyogjpbUadybmihamdijbdabdyibjmfgkfgr-dounibqfdya.dbhdfgd,bu.dbiocybfg
objfssimigdbqox;bdyibnfagbsambdyibzahdblomdbmicnfgfgrbqfdybyfhbyogjhbfg
yfhbqofhduogj,bnaakfgrbodbdyibsfmi,bambaccohfagonnxbsnfmdfgrbqfdybhazi
nfrydimbjac.zigd;bdyib ockon,bqfdybkgfddijbumaqhbogjbfgdigdbsoci,
habjiilbfgbyfhbdohk,bdyodbyfhbixihbjfjbgadbivigbsannaqbdyibyogjbyi
hdmidcyijba.dbsambyfhbrnohh--qyfcybasdigbrmalijboua.d,bsambobzfg.dibam
zami,buisamibfdbsa.gjbdyibrnohhbsambyfhbnflhpbDqabambdymiibdfzih,bdyi
zoddimbfgbyogjbuicozibhabkgaddx,bdyodbdyib ockonbsa.gjbfdbfzlimodfvibag
yfzbdabridb.l,bogjbhdiilbyfhbdaqinhbogiqpbSmazbdyihiblfnrmfzorihbdabdyi
 .rbogjbuohfg,byibmid.mgijbqfdybh.cybiccigdmfcfdfihbasbjozlbyiojriomboh
gabqamjhbcogbjihcmfui;bqyfcybqimibzojibdyibzamibn.jfcma.hbuxbyfhbogefa.h
rmovfdxp

Odbnigrdybdyib ockonbyojbradbdaridyimbobcazlocdbmilohdbsambdyibnfag,bogj
lmaciijijbdabassimbfdbdabyfzpbDyibnfagbdaakbfdbqfdybcomibogjbco.dfag,
zojibyfhbhinicdfaghbsmazbfd,bogjbyfhbmizomkhb.lagbfd,bogjbdyib ockon
ohhfhdijbuadypbQyigbdyibmilohdbqohbs.nnxbjfhc.hhij,bdyibnfagbl.dbyfh
yogjhbfgbyfhbqofhduogjborofg,bogjbnoxbjaqgbdabzijfdodipbDyib ockonbdyig
fgvframodijbyfzhinsbqfdybobu.zlimbsambyfhbdymaddni,bogjbobsmihybollnfcodfag
dabyfhbyioj,bogjbollnfijbyfzhinsbdabdyibcannicdfagbasbobhicagjbzion;
dyfhbqohbojzfgfhdimijbdabdyibnfagbfgbdyibhozibzoggim,bogjbqohbgad
jfhlahijbasb.gdfnbdyibcnackhbhdm.ckbdymiibfgbdyibzamgfgrp

“Ogjbgaqbqibyovibjagi,bHxjgix,bsfnnbobu.zlimbasbl.gcy,”bhofjbZmp
Hdmxvimp

Dyib ockonbmizavijbdyibdaqinhbsmazbyfhbyioj,bqyfcybyojbuiigbhdiozfgr
orofg,bhyaakbyfzhins,bxoqgij,bhyfvimij,bogjbcazlnfijp

“Xa.bqimibvimxbha.gj,bHxjgix,bfgbdyibzoddimbasbdyahibcmaqgbqfdgihhih
da-joxpbIvimxbw.ihdfagbdanjp”

“Fbonqoxhbozbha.gj;bozbFbgad?”

“Fbjag'dbrofghoxbfdpbQyodbyohbma.ryigijbxa.mbdizlim?bL.dbhazibl.gcybda
fdbogjbhzaadybfdborofgp”

Qfdybobjilmicodamxbrm.gd,bdyib ockonborofgbcazlnfijp

“DyibanjbHxjgixbComdagbasbanjbHymiqhu.mxbHcyaan,”bhofjbHdmxvim,bgajjfgr
yfhbyiojbavimbyfzbohbyibmivfiqijbyfzbfgbdyiblmihigdbogjbdyiblohd,b“dyi
anjbhiihoqbHxjgixpb.lbagibzfg.dibogjbjaqgbdyibgied;bgaqbfgbhlfmfdhbogj
gaqbfgbjihlagjigcx!”

“Oy!”bmid.mgijbdyibadyim,bhfryfgr:b“xih!bDyibhozibHxjgix,bqfdybdyibhozi
n.ckpbIvigbdyig,bFbjfjbieimcfhihbsambadyimbuaxh,bogjbhinjazbjfjbzxbaqgp”

“Ogjbqyxbgad?”

“RajbkgaqhpbFdbqohbzxbqox,bFbh.llahip”

Yibhod,bqfdybyfhbyogjhbfgbyfhblackidhbogjbyfhbnirhbhdmidcyijba.dbuisami
yfz,bnaakfgrbodbdyibsfmip

“Comdag,”bhofjbyfhbsmfigj,bhw.omfgrbyfzhinsbodbyfzbqfdybobu.nnxfgrbofm,
ohbfsbdyibsfmi-rmodibyojbuiigbdyibs.mgocibfgbqyfcybh.hdofgijbigjiova.m
qohbsamrij,bogjbdyibagibjinfcodibdyfgrbdabuibjagibsambdyibanjbHxjgix
ComdagbasbanjbHymiqhu.mxbHcyaanbqohbdabhya.njimbyfzbfgdabfd,b“xa.mbqox
fh,bogjbonqoxhbqoh,bobnozibqoxpbXa.bh.zzagbgabigimrxbogjbl.mlahipbNaak
odbzip”

“Ay,buadyimodfag!”bmid.mgijbHxjgix,bqfdybobnfrydimbogjbzami
raaj-y.za.mijbno.ry,b“jag'db_xa._buibzamon!”

“YaqbyovibFbjagibqyodbFbyovibjagi?”bhofjbHdmxvim;b“yaqbjabFbjabqyodbF
ja?”

“Lomdnxbdyma.rybloxfgrbzibdabyinlbxa.,bFbh.llahipbU.dbfd'hbgadbqamdy
xa.mbqyfnibdabolahdmalyfhibzi,bambdyibofm,boua.dbfd;bqyodbxa.bqogdbda
ja,bxa.bjapbXa.bqimibonqoxhbfgbdyibsmagdbmogk,bogjbFbqohbonqoxhbuiyfgjp”

“Fbyojbdabridbfgdabdyibsmagdbmogk;bFbqohbgadbuamgbdyimi,bqohbF?”

“Fbqohbgadblmihigdbodbdyibcimizagx;bu.dbzxbalfgfagbfhbxa.bqimi,”bhofj
ComdagpbOdbdyfh,byibno.ryijborofg,bogjbdyixbuadybno.ryijp

“UisamibHymiqhu.mx,bogjbodbHymiqhu.mx,bogjbivimbhfgcibHymiqhu.mx,”
bl.mh.ijbComdag,b“xa.byovibsonnigbfgdabxa.mbmogk,bogjbFbyovibsonnigbfgda
zfgipbIvigbqyigbqibqimibsinnaq-hd.jigdhbfgbdyibHd.jigd-W.omdimbasbLomfh,
lfckfgrb.lbSmigcy,bogjbSmigcybnoq,bogjbadyimbSmigcybcm.zuhbdyodbqi
jfjg'dbridbz.cybraajbas,bxa.bqimibonqoxhbhaziqyimi,bogjbFbqohbonqoxh
gaqyimip”

“Ogjbqyahibso.ndbqohbdyod?”

“.lagbzxbha.n,bFbozbgadbh.mibdyodbfdbqohbgadbxa.mhpbXa.bqimibonqoxh
jmfvfgrbogjbmfvfgrbogjbhya.njimfgrbogjblohhfgr,bdabdyodbmihdnihhbjirmii
dyodbFbyojbgabcyogcibsambzxbnfsibu.dbfgbm.hdbogjbmilahipbFd'hbobrnaazx
dyfgr,byaqivim,bdabdonkboua.dbagi'hbaqgblohd,bqfdybdyibjoxbumiokfgrp
D.mgbzibfgbhazibadyimbjfmicdfagbuisamibFbrap”

“Qinnbdyig!bLnijribzibdabdyiblmiddxbqfdgihh,”bhofjbHdmxvim,byanjfgrb.l
yfhbrnohhpb“Omibxa.bd.mgijbfgboblniohogdbjfmicdfag?”

Ollomigdnxbgad,bsambyibuicozibrnaazxborofgp

“Lmiddxbqfdgihh,”byibz.ddimij,bnaakfgrbjaqgbfgdabyfhbrnohhpb“Fbyovibyoj
iga.rybasbqfdgihhihbda-joxbogjbda-gfryd;bqya'hbxa.mblmiddxbqfdgihh?”

“Dyiblfcd.mihw.ibjacdam'hbjo.rydim,bZfhhbZogiddip”

“_Hyi_blmiddx?”

“Fhbhyibgad?”

“Gap”

“Qyx,bzogbonfvi,bhyibqohbdyibojzfmodfagbasbdyibqyanibCa.md!”

“MadbdyibojzfmodfagbasbdyibqyanibCa.md!bQyabzojibdyibAnjbUofnixbob .jri
asbuio.dx?bHyibqohbobranjig-yofmijbjann!”

“Jabxa.bkgaq,bHxjgix,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,bnaakfgrbodbyfzbqfdybhyomlbixih,
ogjbhnaqnxbjmoqfgrbobyogjbocmahhbyfhbsnamfjbsoci:b“jabxa.bkgaq,bFbmodyim
dya.ryd,bodbdyibdfzi,bdyodbxa.bhxzlodyfhijbqfdybdyibranjig-yofmijbjann,
ogjbqimibw.fckbdabhiibqyodbyolligijbdabdyibranjig-yofmijbjann?”

“W.fckbdabhiibqyodbyolligij!bFsbobrfmn,bjannbambgabjann,bhqaaghbqfdyfgbo
xomjbambdqabasbobzog'hbgahi,byibcogbhiibfdbqfdya.dboblimhlicdfvi-rnohhp
Fblnijribxa.,bu.dbFbjigxbdyibuio.dxpbOgjbgaqbF'nnbyovibgabzamibjmfgk;
F'nnbridbdabuijp”

Qyigbyfhbyahdbsannaqijbyfzba.dbagbdyibhdofmcohibqfdybobcogjni,bdabnfryd
yfzbjaqgbdyibhdofmh,bdyibjoxbqohbcanjnxbnaakfgrbfgbdyma.rybfdhbrmfzx
qfgjaqhpbQyigbyibradba.dbasbdyibya.hi,bdyibofmbqohbcanjbogjbhoj,bdyi
j.nnbhkxbavimcohd,bdyibmfvimbjomkbogjbjfz,bdyibqyanibhcigibnfkibo
nfsinihhbjihimdpbOgjbqmiodyhbasbj.hdbqimibhlfggfgrbma.gjbogjbma.gj
uisamibdyibzamgfgrbunohd,bohbfsbdyibjihimd-hogjbyojbmfhigbsomboqox,bogj
dyibsfmhdbhlmoxbasbfdbfgbfdhbojvogcibyojbuir.gbdabavimqyinzbdyibcfdxp

Qohdibsamcihbqfdyfgbyfz,bogjbobjihimdbonnboma.gj,bdyfhbzogbhdaajbhdfnn
agbyfhbqoxbocmahhbobhfnigdbdimmoci,bogjbhoqbsambobzazigd,bnxfgrbfgbdyi
qfnjimgihhbuisamibyfz,bobzfmoribasbyaga.mounibozufdfag,bhins-jigfon,bogj
limhivimogcipbFgbdyibsofmbcfdxbasbdyfhbvfhfag,bdyimibqimibofmxbronnimfih
smazbqyfcybdyibnavihbogjbrmocihbnaakijb.lagbyfz,bromjighbfgbqyfcybdyi
sm.fdhbasbnfsiby.grbmfligfgr,bqodimhbasbYalibdyodbhlomknijbfgbyfhbhfrydp
Obzazigd,bogjbfdbqohbragipbCnfzufgrbdabobyfrybcyozuimbfgbobqinnbas
ya.hih,byibdymiqbyfzhinsbjaqgbfgbyfhbcnadyihbagbobgirnicdijbuij,bogjbfdh
lfnnaqbqohbqidbqfdybqohdijbdiomhp

Hojnx,bhojnx,bdyibh.gbmahi;bfdbmahib.lagbgabhojjimbhfrydbdyogbdyibzogbas
raajboufnfdfihbogjbraajbizadfagh,bfgcolounibasbdyifmbjfmicdijbieimcfhi,
fgcolounibasbyfhbaqgbyinlbogjbyfhbaqgbyollfgihh,bhighfunibasbdyibunfryd
agbyfz,bogjbmihfrgfgrbyfzhinsbdabnidbfdbiodbyfzboqoxp




VFpbY.gjmijhbasbLialni


Dyibw.fidbnajrfgrhbasbJacdambZogiddibqimibfgbobw.fidbhdmiid-camgimbgad
sombsmazbHaya-hw.omipbAgbdyibosdimgaagbasbobcimdofgbsfgibH.gjoxbqyigbdyi
qovihbasbsa.mbzagdyhbyojbmannijbavimbdyibdmfonbsambdmiohag,bogjbcommfij
fd,bohbdabdyibl.unfcbfgdimihdbogjbzizamx,bsomba.dbdabhio,bZmpb omvfh
Nammxbqonkijbonagrbdyibh.ggxbhdmiidhbsmazbCnimkigqinnbqyimibyibnfvij,
agbyfhbqoxbdabjfgibqfdybdyibJacdampbOsdimbhivimonbminolhihbfgda
u.hfgihh-ouhamldfag,bZmpbNammxbyojbuicazibdyibJacdam'hbsmfigj,bogjbdyi
w.fidbhdmiid-camgimbqohbdyibh.ggxblomdbasbyfhbnfsip

AgbdyfhbcimdofgbsfgibH.gjox,bZmpbNammxbqonkijbdaqomjhbHaya,biomnxbfg
dyibosdimgaag,bsambdymiibmiohaghbasbyoufdpbSfmhdnx,buico.hi,bagbsfgi
H.gjoxh,byibasdigbqonkijba.d,buisamibjfggim,bqfdybdyibJacdambogjbN.cfi;
hicagjnx,buico.hi,bagb.gsova.mounibH.gjoxh,byibqohbocc.hdazijbdabuibqfdy
dyizbohbdyibsozfnxbsmfigj,bdonkfgr,bmiojfgr,bnaakfgrba.dbasbqfgjaq,bogj
rigimonnxbriddfgrbdyma.rybdyibjox;bdyfmjnx,buico.hibyibyolligijbdabyovi
yfhbaqgbnfddnibhymiqjbja.udhbdabhanvi,bogjbkgiqbyaqbdyibqoxhbasbdyi
Jacdam'hbya.hiyanjblafgdijbdabdyodbdfzibohbobnfkinxbdfzibsambhanvfgr
dyizp

Obw.ofgdimbcamgimbdyogbdyibcamgimbqyimibdyibJacdambnfvij,bqohbgadbdabui
sa.gjbfgbNagjagpbDyimibqohbgabqoxbdyma.rybfd,bogjbdyibsmagdbqfgjaqhbas
dyibJacdam'hbnajrfgrhbcazzogjijboblniohogdbnfddnibvfhdobasbhdmiidbdyod
yojbobcagrigfonbofmbasbmidfmizigdbagbfdpbDyimibqimibsiqbu.fnjfgrhbdyig,
gamdybasbdyibAesamj-maoj,bogjbsamihd-dmiihbsna.mfhyij,bogjbqfnjbsnaqimh
rmiq,bogjbdyibyoqdyamgbunahhazij,bfgbdyibgaqbvogfhyijbsfinjhpbOhbo
caghiw.igci,bca.gdmxbofmhbcfmc.nodijbfgbHayabqfdybvframa.hbsmiijaz,
fghdiojbasbnogr.fhyfgrbfgdabdyiblomfhybnfkibhdmoxblo.limhbqfdya.dbo
hiddnizigd;bogjbdyimibqohbzogxbobraajbha.dybqonn,bgadbsombass,bagbqyfcy
dyibliocyihbmfligijbfgbdyifmbhiohagp

Dyibh.zzimbnfrydbhdm.ckbfgdabdyibcamgimbumfnnfogdnxbfgbdyibiomnfimblomd
asbdyibjox;bu.d,bqyigbdyibhdmiidhbrmiqbyad,bdyibcamgimbqohbfgbhyojaq,
dya.rybgadbfgbhyojaqbhabmizadibu.dbdyodbxa.bca.njbhiibuixagjbfdbfgdabo
rnomibasbumfrydgihhpbFdbqohbobcaanbhlad,bhdofjbu.dbcyiims.n,bobqagjims.n
lnocibsambicyaih,bogjbobvimxbyomua.mbsmazbdyibmorfgrbhdmiidhp

Dyimiba.rydbdabyovibuiigbobdmogw.fnbuomkbfgbh.cybogbogcyamori,bogj
dyimibqohpbDyibJacdambacc.lfijbdqabsnaamhbasbobnomribhdfssbya.hi,bqyimi
hivimonbconnfgrhbl.mlamdijbdabuibl.mh.ijbuxbjox,bu.dbqyimiasbnfddnibqoh
o.jfunibogxbjox,bogjbqyfcybqohbhy.ggijbuxbonnbasbdyizbodbgfrydpbFg
obu.fnjfgrbodbdyibuock,boddofgounibuxbobca.mdxomjbqyimiboblnogi-dmii
m.hdnijbfdhbrmiigbniovih,bcy.mcy-amroghbcnofzijbdabuibzoji,bogjbhfnvim
dabuibcyohij,bogjbnfkiqfhibranjbdabuibuiodigbuxbhazibzxhdimfa.hbrfogd
qyabyojbobranjigbomzbhdomdfgrba.dbasbdyibqonnbasbdyibsmagdbyonn--ohbfs
yibyojbuiodigbyfzhinsblmicfa.h,bogjbzigocijbobhfzfnombcagvimhfagbasbonn
vfhfdamhpbVimxbnfddnibasbdyihibdmojih,bambasbobnaginxbnajrimbm.za.mij
dabnfvib.l-hdofmh,bambasbobjfzbcaocy-dmfzzfgrbzokimbohhimdijbdabyovi
obca.gdfgr-ya.hibuinaq,bqohbivimbyiomjbambhiigpbAccohfagonnx,bobhdmox
qamkzogbl.ddfgrbyfhbcaodbag,bdmovimhijbdyibyonn,bambobhdmogrimbliimij
oua.dbdyimi,bambobjfhdogdbcnfgkbqohbyiomjbocmahhbdyibca.mdxomj,bambo
dy.zlbsmazbdyibranjigbrfogdpbDyihi,byaqivim,bqimibagnxbdyibiecildfagh
miw.fmijbdablmavibdyibm.nibdyodbdyibhlommaqhbfgbdyiblnogi-dmiibuiyfgj
dyibya.hi,bogjbdyibicyaihbfgbdyibcamgimbuisamibfd,byojbdyifmbaqgbqox
smazbH.gjoxbzamgfgrb.gdabHod.mjoxbgfrydp

JacdambZogiddibmicifvijbh.cyblodfigdhbyimibohbyfhbanjbmil.dodfag,bogj
fdhbmivfvonbfgbdyibsnaodfgrbqyfhlimhbasbyfhbhdamx,buma.rydbyfzp
Yfhbhcfigdfsfcbkgaqnijri,bogjbyfhbvfrfnogcibogjbhkfnnbfgbcagj.cdfgr
fgrigfa.hbielimfzigdh,buma.rydbyfzbadyimqfhibfgdabzajimodibmiw.ihd,bogj
yibiomgijbohbz.cybohbyibqogdijp

DyihibdyfgrhbqimibqfdyfgbZmpb omvfhbNammx'hbkgaqnijri,bdya.rydh,bogj
gadfci,bqyigbyibmogrbdyibjaam-uinnbasbdyibdmogw.fnbya.hibfgbdyibcamgim,
agbdyibsfgibH.gjoxbosdimgaagp

“JacdambZogiddibodbyazi?”

Ielicdijbyazip

“ZfhhbN.cfibodbyazi?”

Ielicdijbyazip

“ZfhhbLmahhbodbyazi?”

Lahhfunxbodbyazi,bu.dbasbobcimdofgdxbfzlahhfunibsambyogjzofjbda
ogdfcflodibfgdigdfaghbasbZfhhbLmahh,bohbdabojzfhhfagbambjigfonbasbdyi
socdp

“OhbFbozbodbyazibzxhins,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“F'nnbrab.lhdofmhp”

Ondya.rybdyibJacdam'hbjo.rydimbyojbkgaqgbgadyfgrbasbdyibca.gdmxbasbyim
ufmdy,bhyibolliomijbdabyovibfggodinxbjimfvijbsmazbfdbdyodboufnfdxbda
zokibz.cybasbnfddnibziogh,bqyfcybfhbagibasbfdhbzahdb.his.nbogjbzahd
ormiiounibcyomocdimfhdfchpbHfzlnibohbdyibs.mgfd.mibqoh,bfdbqohbhidbass
uxbhabzogxbnfddnibojamgzigdh,basbgabvon.ibu.dbsambdyifmbdohdibogjbsogcx,
dyodbfdhbissicdbqohbjinfryds.npbDyibjfhlahfdfagbasbivimxdyfgrbfgbdyi
maazh,bsmazbdyibnomrihdbau icdbdabdyibniohd;bdyibommogrizigdbasbcana.mh,
dyibinirogdbvomfidxbogjbcagdmohdbaudofgijbuxbdymfsdbfgbdmfsnih,bux
jinfcodibyogjh,bcniombixih,bogjbraajbhighi;bqimibodbagcibhablniohogdbfg
dyizhinvih,bogjbhabielmihhfvibasbdyifmbamfrfgodam,bdyod,bohbZmpbNammx
hdaajbnaakfgrboua.dbyfz,bdyibvimxbcyofmhbogjbdounihbhiizijbdabohkbyfz,
qfdybhazidyfgrbasbdyodblic.nfombielmihhfagbqyfcybyibkgiqbhabqinnbuxbdyfh
dfzi,bqyidyimbyibollmavij?

Dyimibqimibdymiibmaazhbagbobsnaam,bogj,bdyibjaamhbuxbqyfcybdyix
cazz.gfcodijbuifgrbl.dbaligbdyodbdyibofmbzfrydblohhbsmiinxbdyma.rybdyiz
onn,bZmpbNammx,bhzfnfgrnxbauhimvogdbasbdyodbsogcfs.nbmihizunogcibqyfcy
yibjidicdijbonnboma.gjbyfz,bqonkijbsmazbagibdabogadyimpbDyibsfmhdbqoh
dyibuihdbmaaz,bogjbfgbfdbqimibN.cfi'hbufmjh,bogjbsnaqimh,bogjbuaakh,
ogjbjihk,bogjbqamk-douni,bogjbuaebasbqodim-cana.mh;bdyibhicagjbqoh
dyibJacdam'hbcagh.ndfgr-maaz,b.hijbonhabohbdyibjfgfgr-maaz;bdyibdyfmj,
cyogrfgrnxbhlicknijbuxbdyibm.hdnibasbdyiblnogi-dmiibfgbdyibxomj,bqohbdyi
Jacdam'hbuijmaaz,bogjbdyimi,bfgbobcamgim,bhdaajbdyibjfh.hijbhyaizokim'h
uigcybogjbdmoxbasbdaanh,bz.cybohbfdbyojbhdaajbagbdyibsfsdybsnaambasbdyi
jfhzonbya.hibuxbdyibqfgi-hyal,bfgbdyibh.u.mubasbHofgdbOgdafgibfgbLomfhp

“Fbqagjim,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,blo.hfgrbfgbyfhbnaakfgrboua.d,b“dyodbyibkiilh
dyodbmizfgjimbasbyfhbh.ssimfgrhboua.dbyfz!”

“Ogjbqyxbqagjimbodbdyod?”bqohbdyiboum.ldbfgw.fmxbdyodbzojibyfzbhdomdp

FdblmaciijijbsmazbZfhhbLmahh,bdyibqfnjbmijbqazog,bhdmagrbasbyogj,bqyahi
ocw.ofgdogcibyibyojbsfmhdbzojibodbdyibMaxonbRiamribYadinbodbJavim,bogj
yojbhfgcibfzlmavijp

“Fbhya.njbyovibdya.ryd--”bZmpbNammxbuirogp

“Laay!bXa.'jbyovibdya.ryd!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh;bogjbZmpbNammxbnisdbassp

“Yaqbjabxa.bja?”bfgw.fmijbdyodbnojxbdyig--hyomlnx,bogjbxidbohbfsbda
ielmihhbdyodbhyibuamibyfzbgabzonfcip

“Fbozblmiddxbqinn,bFbdyogkbxa.,”boghqimijbZmpbNammx,bqfdybziikgihh;b“yaq
omibxa.?”

“Gadyfgrbdabuaohdbas,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

“Fgjiij?”

“Oy!bfgjiij!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhpb“Fbozbvimxbz.cybl.dba.dboua.dbzx
Nojxufmjp”

“Fgjiij?”

“Sambrmocfa.hbhokibhoxbhazidyfgrbinhibuihfjihb'fgjiij,'bambxa.'nn
sfjridbzibdabjiody,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh:bqyahibcyomocdimb(jfhhacfodijbsmaz
hdod.mi)bqohbhyamdgihhp

“Mionnx,bdyig?”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bohbogbozigjzigdp

“Mionnx,bfhbuojbiga.ry,”bmid.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,b“u.dbuiddimpbXih,bFboz
vimxbz.cybl.dba.dp”

“ZoxbFbohkbdyibco.hi?”

“Fbjag'dbqogdbjatighbasblialnibqyabomibgadbodbonnbqamdyxbasbNojxufmj,bda
cazibyimibnaakfgrbosdimbyim,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

“_Ja_bjatighbcazibsambdyodbl.mlahi?”

“Y.gjmijh,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

Fdbqohbcyomocdimfhdfcbasbdyfhbnojxb(ohbasbhazibadyimblialnibuisamibyim
dfzibogjbhfgci)bdyodbqyigivimbyimbamfrfgonblmalahfdfagbqohbw.ihdfagij,
hyibieorrimodijbfdp

“Jiombzi!”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bohbdyibhosihdbmizomkbyibca.njbdyfgkbasp

“Fbyovibnfvijbqfdybdyibjomnfgr--ambdyibjomnfgrbyohbnfvijbqfdybzi,bogj
lofjbzibsambfd;bqyfcybhyibcimdofgnxbhya.njbgivimbyovibjagi,bxa.bzoxbdoki
xa.mbossfjovfd,bfsbFbca.njbyovibossamjijbdabkiilbifdyimbzxhinsbambyim
sambgadyfgr--hfgcibhyibqohbdigbxiomhbanjpbOgjbfd'hbmionnxbvimxbyomj,”
bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

Gadbhiifgrbqfdyblmicfhfagbqyodbqohbvimxbyomj,bZmpbNammxbhyaakbyfhbyioj;
.hfgrbdyodbfzlamdogdblomdbasbyfzhinsbohbobhamdbasbsofmxbcnaokbdyodbqa.nj
sfdbogxdyfgrp

“Onnbhamdhbasblialnibqyabomibgadbfgbdyibniohdbjirmiibqamdyxbasbdyiblid,
omibonqoxhbd.mgfgrb.l,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhpb“Qyigbxa.buirogbfd--”

“_F_buirogbfd,bZfhhbLmahh?”

“Jfjg'dbxa.?bQyabuma.rydbyimbsodyimbdabnfsi?”

“Ay!bFsb_dyod_bqohbuirfggfgrbfd--”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Fdbqohg'dbigjfgrbfd,bFbh.llahi?bFbhox,bqyigbxa.buirogbfd,bfdbqohbyomj
iga.ry;bgadbdyodbFbyovibogxbso.ndbdabsfgjbqfdybJacdambZogiddi,biecild
dyodbyibfhbgadbqamdyxbasbh.cybobjo.rydim,bqyfcybfhbgabfzl.dodfagbag
yfz,bsambfdbqohbgadbdabuibielicdijbdyodbogxuajxbhya.njbui,b.gjimbogx
cfmc.zhdogcihpbU.dbfdbmionnxbfhbja.unxbogjbdmiunxbyomjbdabyovibcmaqjh
ogjbz.ndfd.jihbasblialnibd.mgfgrb.lbosdimbyfzb(Fbca.njbyovibsamrfvig
yfz),bdabdokibNojxufmj'hbossicdfaghboqoxbsmazbzip”

ZmpbNammxbkgiqbZfhhbLmahhbdabuibvimxb iona.h,bu.dbyibonhabkgiqbyimbux
dyfhbdfzibdabui,buigiodybdyibhimvfcibasbyimbiccigdmfcfdx,bagibasbdyahi
.ghinsfhybcmiod.mih--sa.gjbagnxbozagrbqazig--qyabqfnn,bsambl.mibnavibogj
ojzfmodfag,bufgjbdyizhinvihbqfnnfgrbhnovih,bdabxa.dybqyigbdyixbyovibnahd
fd,bdabuio.dxbdyodbdyixbgivimbyoj,bdaboccazlnfhyzigdhbdyodbdyixbqimi
givimbsamd.godibiga.rybdabrofg,bdabumfrydbyalihbdyodbgivimbhyagib.lag
dyifmbaqgbhazumibnfvihpbYibkgiqbiga.rybasbdyibqamnjbdabkgaqbdyodbdyimi
fhbgadyfgrbfgbfdbuiddimbdyogbdyibsofdys.nbhimvfcibasbdyibyiomd;bha
migjimijbogjbhabsmiibsmazbogxbzimcigomxbdofgd,byibyojbh.cybogbieondij
mihlicdbsambfd,bdyodbfgbdyibmidmfu.dfvibommogrizigdhbzojibuxbyfhbaqg
zfgj--qibonnbzokibh.cybommogrizigdh,bzamibambnihh--yibhdodfagijbZfhh
Lmahhbz.cybgiomimbdabdyibnaqimbOgrinhbdyogbzogxbnojfihbfzzioh.mounx
uiddimbradb.lbuadybuxbGod.mibogjbOmd,bqyabyojbuonogcihbodbDinnhag'hp

“Dyimibgivimbqoh,bgambqfnnbui,bu.dbagibzogbqamdyxbasbNojxufmj,”bhofj
ZfhhbLmahh;b“ogjbdyodbqohbzxbumadyimbHanazag,bfsbyibyojg'dbzojibo
zfhdokibfgbnfsip”

Yimiborofg:bZmpbNammx'hbfgw.fmfihbfgdabZfhhbLmahh'hblimhagonbyfhdamxbyoj
ihdounfhyijbdyibsocdbdyodbyimbumadyimbHanazagbqohbobyiomdnihhbhca.gjmin
qyabyojbhdmfllijbyimbasbivimxdyfgrbhyiblahhihhij,bohbobhdokibda
hlic.nodibqfdy,bogjbyojbouogjagijbyimbfgbyimblavimdxbsambivimzami,bqfdy
gabda.cybasbcazl.gcdfagpbZfhhbLmahh'hbsfjinfdxbasbuinfisbfgbHanazag
(jij.cdfgrbobzimibdmfsnibsambdyfhbhnfrydbzfhdoki)bqohbw.fdibobhimfa.h
zoddimbqfdybZmpbNammx,bogjbyojbfdhbqifrydbfgbyfhbraajbalfgfagbasbyimp

“Ohbqibyolligbdabuibonagibsambdyibzazigd,bogjbomibuadyblialnibas
u.hfgihh,”byibhofj,bqyigbdyixbyojbradbuockbdabdyibjmoqfgr-maazbogjbyoj
hodbjaqgbdyimibfgbsmfigjnxbminodfagh,b“nidbzibohkbxa.--jaihbdyibJacdam,
fgbdonkfgrbqfdybN.cfi,bgivimbmisimbdabdyibhyaizokfgrbdfzi,bxid?”

“Givimp”

“Ogjbxidbkiilhbdyodbuigcybogjbdyahibdaanhbuihfjibyfz?”

“Oy!”bmid.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,bhyokfgrbyimbyiojpb“U.dbFbjag'dbhoxbyibjag'd
misimbdabfdbqfdyfgbyfzhinsp”

“Jabxa.buinfivibdyodbyibdyfgkhbasbfdbz.cy?”

“Fbja,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

“Jabxa.bfzorfgi--”bZmpbNammxbyojbuir.g,bqyigbZfhhbLmahhbdaakbyfzb.l
hyamdbqfdy:

“GivimbfzorfgibogxdyfgrpbYovibgabfzorfgodfagbodbonnp”

“Fbhdogjbcammicdij;bjabxa.bh.llahi--xa.brabhabsombohbdabh.llahi,
hazidfzih?”

“Gaqbogjbdyig,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

“Jabxa.bh.llahi,”bZmpbNammxbqigdbag,bqfdybobno.ryfgrbdqfgknibfgbyfh
umfrydbixi,bohbfdbnaakijbkfgjnxbodbyim,b“dyodbJacdambZogiddibyohbogx
dyiamxbasbyfhbaqg,blmihimvijbdyma.rybonnbdyahibxiomh,bminodfvibda
dyibco.hibasbyfhbuifgrbhaballmihhij;blimyolh,bivigbdabdyibgozibasbyfh
allmihham?”

“Fbjag'dbh.llahibogxdyfgrboua.dbfdbu.dbqyodbNojxufmjbdinnhbzip”

“Ogjbdyodbfh--?”

“Dyodbhyibdyfgkhbyibyohp”

“Gaqbjag'dbuibogrmxbodbzxbohkfgrbonnbdyihibw.ihdfagh;buico.hibFbozbo
zimibj.nnbzogbasbu.hfgihh,bogjbxa.bomibobqazogbasbu.hfgihhp”

“J.nn?”bZfhhbLmahhbfgw.fmij,bqfdyblnocfjfdxp

Modyimbqfhyfgrbyfhbzajihdboj icdfviboqox,bZmpbNammxbmilnfij,b“Ga,bga,
gapbH.minxbgadpbDabmid.mgbdabu.hfgihh:--FhbfdbgadbmizomkounibdyodbJacdam
Zogiddi,b.gw.ihdfagounxbfggacigdbasbogxbcmfzibohbqibomibonnbqinnbohh.mij
yibfh,bhya.njbgivimbda.cyb.lagbdyodbw.ihdfag?bFbqfnnbgadbhoxbqfdybzi,
dya.rybyibyojbu.hfgihhbminodfaghbqfdybzibzogxbxiomhbora,bogjbqibomibgaq
fgdfzodi;bFbqfnnbhoxbqfdybdyibsofmbjo.rydimbdabqyazbyibfhbhabjivadijnx
oddocyij,bogjbqyabfhbhabjivadijnxboddocyijbdabyfz?bUinfivibzi,bZfhh
Lmahh,bFbjag'dbollmaocybdyibdalfcbqfdybxa.,ba.dbasbc.mfahfdx,bu.dba.dbas
tiona.hbfgdimihdp”

“Qinn!bDabdyibuihdbasbzxb.gjimhdogjfgr,bogjbuoj'hbdyibuihd,bxa.'nnbdinn
zi,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bhasdigijbuxbdyibdagibasbdyibolanarx,b“yibfhbosmofj
asbdyibqyanibh.u icdp”

“Osmofj?”

“Fd'hblnofgbiga.ry,bFbhya.njbdyfgk,bqyxbyibzoxbuipbFd'hbobjmiojs.n
mizizumogcipbUihfjihbdyod,byfhbnahhbasbyfzhinsbrmiqba.dbasbfdpbGad
kgaqfgrbyaqbyibnahdbyfzhins,bambyaqbyibmicavimijbyfzhins,byibzoxbgivim
siinbcimdofgbasbgadbnahfgrbyfzhinsborofgpbDyodbonagibqa.njg'dbzokibdyi
h.u icdblniohogd,bFbhya.njbdyfgkp”

Fdbqohboblmasa.gjimbmizomkbdyogbZmpbNammxbyojbnaakijbsampb“Dm.i,”bhofj
yi,b“ogjbsioms.nbdabmisnicdb.lagpbXid,bobja.udbn.mkhbfgbzxbzfgj,bZfhh
Lmahh,bqyidyimbfdbfhbraajbsambJacdambZogiddibdabyovibdyodbh.llmihhfag
onqoxhbhy.db.lbqfdyfgbyfzpbFgjiij,bfdbfhbdyfhbja.udbogjbdyib.giohfgihh
fdbhazidfzihbco.hihbzibdyodbyohbnijbzibdaba.mblmihigdbcagsfjigcip”

“Cog'dbuibyinlij,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bhyokfgrbyimbyiojpb“Da.cybdyod
hdmfgr,bogjbyibfghdogdnxbcyogrihbsambdyibqamhipbUiddimbniovibfdbonagip
Fgbhyamd,bz.hdbniovibfdbonagi,bnfkibambgabnfkipbHazidfzih,byibridhb.lbfg
dyibjiojbasbdyibgfryd,bogjbqfnnbuibyiomj,buxb.hbavimyiojbdyimi,bqonkfgr
.lbogjbjaqg,bqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg,bfgbyfhbmaazpbNojxufmjbyohbniomgdbda
kgaqbdyigbdyodbyfhbzfgjbfhbqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg,bqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg,bfg
yfhbanjblmfhagpbHyiby.mmfihbdabyfz,bogjbdyixbrabagbdaridyim,bqonkfgrb.l
ogjbjaqg,bqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg,b.gdfnbyibfhbcazlahijpbU.dbyibgivimbhoxh
obqamjbasbdyibdm.ibmiohagbasbyfhbmihdnihhgihh,bdabyim,bogjbhyibsfgjhbfd
uihdbgadbdabyfgdbodbfdbdabyfzpbFgbhfnigcibdyixbrabqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg
daridyim,bqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqgbdaridyim,bdfnnbyimbnavibogjbcazlogxbyovi
uma.rydbyfzbdabyfzhinsp”

GadqfdyhdogjfgrbZfhhbLmahh'hbjigfonbasbyimbaqgbfzorfgodfag,bdyimibqohbo
limcildfagbasbdyiblofgbasbuifgrbzagadaga.hnxbyo.gdijbuxbagibhojbfjio,
fgbyimbmilidfdfagbasbdyiblymohi,bqonkfgrb.lbogjbjaqg,bqyfcybdihdfsfijbda
yimblahhihhfgrbh.cybobdyfgrp

Dyibcamgimbyohbuiigbzigdfagijbohbobqagjims.nbcamgimbsambicyaih;bfd
yojbuir.gbdabicyabhabmiha.gjfgrnxbdabdyibdmiojbasbcazfgrbsiid,bdyodbfd
hiizijbohbdya.rybdyibvimxbzigdfagbasbdyodbqiomxblocfgrbdabogjbsmabyoj
hidbfdbrafgrp

“Yimibdyixbomi!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bmfhfgrbdabumiokb.lbdyibcagsimigci;
“ogjbgaqbqibhyonnbyoviby.gjmijhbasblialniblmiddxbhaag!”

Fdbqohbh.cybobc.mfa.hbcamgimbfgbfdhboca.hdfconblmalimdfih,bh.cybo
lic.nfombIombasboblnoci,bdyodbohbZmpbNammxbhdaajbodbdyibaligbqfgjaq,
naakfgrbsambdyibsodyimbogjbjo.rydimbqyahibhdilhbyibyiomj,byibsogcfij
dyixbqa.njbgivimbollmaocypbGadbagnxbqa.njbdyibicyaihbjfiboqox,bohbdya.ry
dyibhdilhbyojbragi;bu.d,bicyaihbasbadyimbhdilhbdyodbgivimbcozibqa.njbui
yiomjbfgbdyifmbhdioj,bogjbqa.njbjfiboqoxbsambraajbqyigbdyixbhiizijbcnahi
odbyogjpbYaqivim,bsodyimbogjbjo.rydimbjfjbodbnohdbolliom,bogjbZfhhbLmahh
qohbmiojxbodbdyibhdmiidbjaambdabmicifvibdyizp

ZfhhbLmahhbqohboblniohogdbhfryd,bonuifdbqfnj,bogjbmij,bogjbrmfz,bdokfgr
assbyimbjomnfgr'hbuaggidbqyigbhyibcozib.l-hdofmh,bogjbda.cyfgrbfdb.l
qfdybdyibigjhbasbyimbyogjkimcyfis,bogjbunaqfgrbdyibj.hdbassbfd,bogj
sanjfgrbyimbzogdnibmiojxbsambnoxfgrbux,bogjbhzaadyfgrbyimbmfcybyofmbqfdy
ohbz.cyblmfjibohbhyibca.njblahhfunxbyovibdokigbfgbyimbaqgbyofmbfsbhyi
yojbuiigbdyibvofgihdbogjbyogjhazihdbasbqazigpbYimbjomnfgrbqohboblniohogd
hfrydbdaa,bizumocfgrbyimbogjbdyogkfgrbyim,bogjblmadihdfgrborofghd
yimbdokfgrbhabz.cybdma.unibsambyim--qyfcybnohdbhyibagnxbjomijbdabja
lnoxs.nnx,bambZfhhbLmahh,bhaminxby.md,bqa.njbyovibmidfmijbdabyimbaqg
cyozuimbogjbcmfijpbDyibJacdambqohboblniohogdbhfrydbdaa,bnaakfgrbagbod
dyiz,bogjbdinnfgrbZfhhbLmahhbyaqbhyibhlafndbN.cfi,bfgboccigdhbogjbqfdy
ixihbdyodbyojbohbz.cybhlafnfgrbfgbdyizbohbZfhhbLmahhbyoj,bogjbqa.nj
yovibyojbzamibfsbfdbqimiblahhfunipbZmpbNammxbqohboblniohogdbhfrydbdaa,
uiozfgrbodbonnbdyfhbfgbyfhbnfddnibqfr,bogjbdyogkfgrbyfhbuocyinam
hdomhbsambyovfgrbnfrydijbyfzbfgbyfhbjicnfgfgrbxiomhbdabobYazipbU.d,bga
Y.gjmijhbasblialnibcozibdabhiibdyibhfrydh,bogjbZmpbNammxbnaakijbfgbvofg
sambdyibs.nsfnzigdbasbZfhhbLmahh'hblmijfcdfagp

Jfggim-dfzi,bogjbhdfnnbgabY.gjmijhbasblialnipbFgbdyibommogrizigdhbas
dyibnfddnibya.hiyanj,bZfhhbLmahhbdaakbcyomribasbdyibnaqimbmirfagh,bogj
onqoxhbocw.fddijbyimhinsbzomvinna.hnxpbYimbjfggimh,basbobvimxbzajihd
w.onfdx,bqimibhabqinnbcaakijbogjbhabqinnbhimvij,bogjbhabgiodbfgbdyifm
cagdmfvogcih,byonsbIgrnfhybogjbyonsbSmigcy,bdyodbgadyfgrbca.njbui
uiddimpbZfhhbLmahh'hbsmfigjhyflbuifgrbasbdyibdyama.rynxblmocdfcon
kfgj,bhyibyojbmovorijbHayabogjbdyiboj ocigdblmavfgcih,bfgbhiomcybas
fzlavimfhyijbSmigcy,bqya,bdizldijbuxbhyfnnfgrhbogjbyons-cmaqgh,bqa.nj
fzlomdbc.nfgomxbzxhdimfihbdabyimpbSmazbdyihibjicoxijbhaghbogjbjo.rydimh
asbRo.n,bhyibyojbocw.fmijbh.cybqagjims.nbomdh,bdyodbdyibqazogbogjbrfmn
qyabsamzijbdyibhdossbasbjazihdfchbmiromjijbyimbohbw.fdibobHamcimihh,
ambCfgjiminno'hbRajzadyim:bqyabqa.njbhigjba.dbsambobsaqn,bobmouufd,
obviridounibambdqabsmazbdyibromjig,bogjbcyogribdyizbfgdabogxdyfgrbhyi
lniohijp

AgbH.gjoxh,bZfhhbLmahhbjfgijbodbdyibJacdam'hbdouni,bu.dbagbadyimbjoxh
limhfhdijbfgbdokfgrbyimbzionhbodb.gkgaqgblimfajh,bifdyimbfgbdyibnaqim
mirfagh,bambfgbyimbaqgbmaazbagbdyibhicagjbsnaam--obun.ibcyozuim,bda
qyfcybgabagibu.dbyimbNojxufmjbivimbrofgijbojzfddogcipbAgbdyfhbaccohfag,
ZfhhbLmahh,bmihlagjfgrbdabNojxufmj'hblniohogdbsocibogjblniohogdbissamdh
dablniohibyim,b.guigdbieciijfgrnx;bhabdyibjfggimbqohbvimxblniohogd,bdaap

Fdbqohbogballmihhfvibjox,bogj,bosdimbjfggim,bN.cfiblmalahijbdyodbdyi
qfgibhya.njbuibcommfijba.db.gjimbdyiblnogi-dmii,bogjbdyixbhya.njbhfd
dyimibfgbdyibofmpbOhbivimxdyfgrbd.mgijb.lagbyim,bogjbmivanvijboua.dbyim,
dyixbqigdba.db.gjimbdyiblnogi-dmii,bogjbhyibcommfijbdyibqfgibjaqgbsam
dyibhlicfonbuigisfdbasbZmpbNammxpbHyibyojbfghdonnijbyimhins,bhazi
dfzibuisami,bohbZmpbNammx'hbc.l-uiomim;bogjbqyfnibdyixbhodb.gjimbdyi
lnogi-dmii,bdonkfgr,bhyibkildbyfhbrnohhbmilnigfhyijpbZxhdimfa.hbuockh
ogjbigjhbasbya.hihbliilijbodbdyizbohbdyixbdonkij,bogjbdyiblnogi-dmii
qyfhlimijbdabdyizbfgbfdhbaqgbqoxbouavibdyifmbyiojhp

Hdfnn,bdyibY.gjmijhbasblialnibjfjbgadblmihigdbdyizhinvihpbZmpbJomgox
lmihigdijbyfzhinsbqyfnibdyixbqimibhfddfgrb.gjimbdyiblnogi-dmii,bu.dbyi
qohbagnxbAgip

JacdambZogiddibmicifvijbyfzbkfgjnx,bogjbhabjfjbN.cfipbU.d,bZfhhbLmahh
h.jjignxbuicozibossnfcdijbqfdybobdqfdcyfgrbfgbdyibyiojbogjbuajx,bogj
midfmijbfgdabdyibya.hipbHyibqohbgadb.gsmiw.igdnxbdyibvfcdfzbasbdyfh
jfhamjim,bogjbhyibconnijbfd,bfgbsozfnfombcagvimhodfag,b“obsfdbasbdyi
 imkhp”

DyibJacdambqohbfgbyfhbuihdbcagjfdfag,bogjbnaakijbhlicfonnxbxa.grpbDyi
mihizunogcibuidqiigbyfzbogjbN.cfibqohbvimxbhdmagrbodbh.cybdfzih,bogjboh
dyixbhodbhfjibuxbhfji,bhyibniogfgrbagbyfhbhya.njim,bogjbyibmihdfgr
yfhbomzbagbdyibuockbasbyimbcyofm,bfdbqohbvimxbormiiounibdabdmocibdyi
nfkigihhp

Yibyojbuiigbdonkfgrbonnbjox,bagbzogxbh.u icdh,bogjbqfdyb.g.h.on
vfvocfdxpb“Lmox,bJacdambZogiddi,”bhofjbZmpbJomgox,bohbdyixbhodb.gjimbdyi
lnogi-dmii--ogjbyibhofjbfdbfgbdyibgod.monbl.mh.fdbasbdyibdalfcbfgbyogj,
qyfcybyolligijbdabuibdyibanjbu.fnjfgrhbasbNagjag--“yovibxa.bhiigbz.cybas
dyibDaqim?”

“N.cfibogjbFbyovibuiigbdyimi;bu.dbagnxbcoh.onnxpbQibyovibhiigbiga.rybas
fd,bdabkgaqbdyodbfdbdiizhbqfdybfgdimihd;bnfddnibzamip”

“_F_byovibuiigbdyimi,bohbxa.bmizizuim,”bhofjbJomgox,bqfdybobhzfni,
dya.rybmijjigfgrbobnfddnibogrmfnx,b“fgbogadyimbcyomocdim,bogjbgadbfgbo
cyomocdimbdyodbrfvihbsocfnfdfihbsambhiifgrbz.cybasbfdpbDyixbdanjbzibo
c.mfa.hbdyfgrbqyigbFbqohbdyimip”

“Qyodbqohbdyod?”bN.cfibohkijp

“Fgbzokfgrbhazibondimodfagh,bdyibqamkzigbcozib.lagbogbanjbj.griag,bqyfcy
yojbuiig,bsambzogxbxiomh,bu.fndb.lbogjbsamraddigpbIvimxbhdagibas
fdhbfggimbqonnbqohbcavimijbuxbfghcmfldfaghbqyfcybyojbuiigbcomvijbux
lmfhagimh--jodih,bgozih,bcazlnofgdh,bogjblmoximhpb.lagbobcamgimbhdagi
fgbogbogrnibasbdyibqonn,bagiblmfhagim,bqyabhiizijbdabyovibragibda
ieic.dfag,byojbc.dbohbyfhbnohdbqamk,bdymiibniddimhpbDyixbqimibjagibqfdy
hazibvimxblaambfghdm.zigd,bogjby.mmfijnx,bqfdybogb.ghdiojxbyogjp
Odbsfmhd,bdyixbqimibmiojbohbJpbFpbCp;bu.d,bagbuifgrbzamibcomis.nnx
ieozfgij,bdyibnohdbniddimbqohbsa.gjbdabuibRpbDyimibqohbgabmicamjbam
nirigjbasbogxblmfhagimbqfdybdyahibfgfdfonh,bogjbzogxbsm.fdnihhbr.ihhih
qimibzojibqyodbdyibgozibca.njbyovibuiigpbOdbnigrdy,bfdbqohbh.rrihdij
dyodbdyibniddimhbqimibgadbfgfdfonh,bu.dbdyibcazlnidibqamj,bJFRpbDyi
snaambqohbieozfgijbvimxbcomis.nnxb.gjimbdyibfghcmfldfag,bogj,bfgbdyi
iomdybuigiodybobhdagi,bambdfni,bambhazibsmorzigdbasblovfgr,bqimibsa.gj
dyibohyihbasboblolim,bzfgrnijbqfdybdyibohyihbasbobhzonnbniodyimgbcohi
ambuorpbQyodbdyib.gkgaqgblmfhagimbyojbqmfddigbqfnnbgivimbuibmioj,bu.dbyi
yojbqmfddigbhazidyfgr,bogjbyfjjigbfdboqoxbdabkiilbfdbsmazbdyibroanimp”

“Zxbsodyim,”biecnofzijbN.cfi,b“xa.bomibfnn!”

Yibyojbh.jjignxbhdomdijb.l,bqfdybyfhbyogjbdabyfhbyiojpbYfhbzoggimbogj
yfhbnaakbw.fdibdimmfsfijbdyizbonnp

“Ga,bzxbjiom,bgadbfnnpbDyimibomibnomribjmalhbasbmofgbsonnfgr,bogjbdyix
zojibzibhdomdpbQibyojbuiddimbrabfgp”

YibmicavimijbyfzhinsbonzahdbfghdogdnxpbMofgbqohbmionnxbsonnfgrbfgbnomri
jmalh,bogjbyibhyaqijbdyibuockbasbyfhbyogjbqfdybmofg-jmalhbagbfdpbU.d,byi
hofjbgadbobhfgrnibqamjbfgbmisimigcibdabdyibjfhcavimxbdyodbyojbuiigbdanj
as,bogj,bohbdyixbqigdbfgdabdyibya.hi,bdyibu.hfgihhbixibasbZmpbNammx
ifdyimbjidicdij,bambsogcfijbfdbjidicdij,bagbyfhbsoci,bohbfdbd.mgij
daqomjhbCyomnihbJomgox,bdyibhozibhfgr.nombnaakbdyodbyojbuiigb.lagbfd
qyigbfdbd.mgijbdaqomjhbyfzbfgbdyiblohhorihbasbdyibCa.mdbYa.hip

Yibmicavimijbyfzhinsbhabw.fcknx,byaqivim,bdyodbZmpbNammxbyojbja.udhbas
yfhbu.hfgihhbixipbDyibomzbasbdyibranjigbrfogdbfgbdyibyonnbqohbgadbzami
hdiojxbdyogbyibqoh,bqyigbyibhdallijb.gjimbfdbdabmizomkbdabdyizbdyodbyi
qohbgadbxidblmaasborofghdbhnfrydbh.mlmfhihb(fsbyibivimbqa.njbui),bogj
dyodbdyibmofgbyojbhdomdnijbyfzp

Dio-dfzi,bogjbZfhhbLmahhbzokfgrbdio,bqfdybogadyimbsfdbasbdyib imkhb.lag
yim,bogjbxidbgabY.gjmijhbasblialnipbZmpbComdagbyojbna.grijbfg,bu.dbyi
zojibagnxbDqap

Dyibgfrydbqohbhabvimxbh.ndmx,bdyodbondya.rybdyixbhodbqfdybjaamhbogj
qfgjaqhbalig,bdyixbqimibavimlaqimijbuxbyiodpbQyigbdyibdio-dounibqoh
jagibqfdy,bdyixbonnbzavijbdabagibasbdyibqfgjaqh,bogjbnaakijba.dbfgdabdyi
yiovxbdqfnfrydpbN.cfibhodbuxbyimbsodyim;bJomgoxbhodbuihfjibyim;bComdag
niogijborofghdbobqfgjaqpbDyibc.mdofghbqimibnagrbogjbqyfdi,bogjbhazibas
dyibdy.gjim-r.hdhbdyodbqyfmnijbfgdabdyibcamgim,bco.rydbdyizb.lbdabdyi
cifnfgr,bogjbqovijbdyizbnfkibhlicdmonbqfgrhp

“Dyibmofg-jmalhbomibhdfnnbsonnfgr,bnomri,byiovx,bogjbsiq,”bhofjbJacdam
Zogiddipb“Fdbcazihbhnaqnxp”

“Fdbcazihbh.minx,”bhofjbComdagp

Dyixbhlakibnaq,bohblialnibqodcyfgrbogjbqofdfgrbzahdnxbja;bohblialnibfgbo
jomkbmaaz,bqodcyfgrbogjbqofdfgrbsambNfrydgfgr,bonqoxhbjap

Dyimibqohbobrmiodby.mmxbfgbdyibhdmiidhbasblialnibhliijfgrboqoxbda
ridbhyindimbuisamibdyibhdamzbumaki;bdyibqagjims.nbcamgimbsambicyaih
miha.gjijbqfdybdyibicyaihbasbsaadhdilhbcazfgrbogjbrafgr,bxidbgadbo
saadhdilbqohbdyimip

“Obz.ndfd.jibasblialni,bogjbxidbobhanfd.ji!”bhofjbJomgox,bqyigbdyixbyoj
nfhdigijbsambobqyfnip

“Fhbfdbgadbfzlmihhfvi,bZmpbJomgox?”bohkijbN.cfipb“Hazidfzih,bFbyovi
hodbyimibasbogbivigfgr,b.gdfnbFbyovibsogcfij--u.dbivigbdyibhyojibas
obsaanfhybsogcxbzokihbzibhy.jjimbda-gfryd,bqyigbonnbfhbhabunockbogj
hanizg--”

“Nidb.hbhy.jjimbdaapbQibzoxbkgaqbqyodbfdbfhp”

“Fdbqfnnbhiizbgadyfgrbdabxa.pbH.cybqyfzhbomibagnxbfzlmihhfvibohbqi
amfrfgodibdyiz,bFbdyfgk;bdyixbomibgadbdabuibcazz.gfcodijpbFbyovi
hazidfzihbhodbonagibyimibasbogbivigfgr,bnfhdigfgr,b.gdfnbFbyovibzoji
dyibicyaihba.dbdabuibdyibicyaihbasbonnbdyibsaadhdilhbdyodbomibcazfgr
ux-ogj-uxibfgdaba.mbnfvihp”

“Dyimibfhbobrmiodbcmaqjbcazfgrbagibjoxbfgdaba.mbnfvih,bfsbdyodbuibha,”
bHxjgixbComdagbhdm.ckbfg,bfgbyfhbzaajxbqoxp

Dyibsaadhdilhbqimibfgcihhogd,bogjbdyiby.mmxbasbdyizbuicozibzamibogjbzami
molfjpbDyibcamgimbicyaijbogjbmi-icyaijbqfdybdyibdmiojbasbsiid;bhazi,
ohbfdbhiizij,b.gjimbdyibqfgjaqh;bhazi,bohbfdbhiizij,bfgbdyibmaaz;bhazi
cazfgr,bhazibrafgr,bhazibumiokfgrbass,bhazibhdallfgrbondaridyim;bonnbfg
dyibjfhdogdbhdmiidh,bogjbgadbagibqfdyfgbhfrydp

“Omibonnbdyihibsaadhdilhbjihdfgijbdabcazibdabonnbasb.h,bZfhhbZogiddi,bam
omibqibdabjfvfjibdyizbozagrb.h?”

“Fbjag'dbkgaq,bZmpbJomgox;bFbdanjbxa.bfdbqohbobsaanfhybsogcx,bu.dbxa.
ohkijbsambfdpbQyigbFbyovibxfinjijbzxhinsbdabfd,bFbyovibuiigbonagi,bogj
dyigbFbyovibfzorfgijbdyizbdyibsaadhdilhbasbdyiblialnibqyabomibdabcazi
fgdabzxbnfsi,bogjbzxbsodyim'hp”

“Fbdokibdyizbfgdabzfgi!”bhofjbComdagpb“_F_bohkbgabw.ihdfaghbogjbzokibga
hdfl.nodfaghpbDyimibfhbobrmiodbcmaqjbuiomfgrbjaqgb.lagb.h,bZfhhbZogiddi,
ogjbFbhiibdyiz--uxbdyibNfrydgfgrp”bYibojjijbdyibnohdbqamjh,bosdimbdyimi
yojbuiigbobvfvfjbsnohybqyfcybyojbhyaqgbyfzbna.grfgrbfgbdyibqfgjaqp

“OgjbFbyiombdyiz!”byibojjijborofg,bosdimboblionbasbdy.gjimpb“Yimibdyix
cazi,bsohd,bsfimci,bogjbs.mfa.h!”

Fdbqohbdyibm.hybogjbmaombasbmofgbdyodbyibdxlfsfij,bogjbfdbhdallijbyfz,
sambgabvafcibca.njbuibyiomjbfgbfdpbObzizamounibhdamzbasbdy.gjimbogj
nfrydgfgrbumakibqfdybdyodbhqiilbasbqodim,bogjbdyimibqohbgadbobzazigd'h
fgdimvonbfgbcmohy,bogjbsfmi,bogjbmofg,b.gdfnbosdimbdyibzaagbmahibod
zfjgfrydp

DyibrmiodbuinnbasbHofgdbLo.n'hbqohbhdmfkfgrbagibfgbdyibcniomijbofm,bqyig
ZmpbNammx,bihcamdijbuxb immx,byfry-uaadijbogjbuiomfgrbobnogdimg,bhid
samdybagbyfhbmid.mg-lohhoribdabCnimkigqinnpbDyimibqimibhanfdomxblodcyih
asbmaojbagbdyibqoxbuidqiigbHayabogjbCnimkigqinn,bogjbZmpbNammx,bzfgjs.n
asbsaad-lojh,bonqoxhbmidofgijb immxbsambdyfhbhimvfci:bdya.rybfdbqoh
.h.onnxblimsamzijbobraajbdqabya.mhbiomnfimp

“Qyodbobgfrydbfdbyohbuiig!bOnzahdbobgfryd,b immx,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“da
umfgrbdyibjiojba.dbasbdyifmbrmovihp”

“Fbgivimbhiibdyibgfrydbzxhins,bzohdim--gambxidbFbjag'dbielicdbda--qyod
qa.njbjabdyod,”boghqimijb immxp

“Raajbgfryd,bZmpbComdag,”bhofjbdyibzogbasbu.hfgihhpb“Raajbgfryd,bZmp
JomgoxpbHyonnbqibivimbhiibh.cybobgfrydborofg,bdaridyim!”

LimyolhpbLimyolh,bhiibdyibrmiodbcmaqjbasblialnibqfdybfdhbm.hybogjbmaom,
uiomfgrbjaqgb.lagbdyiz,bdaap




VFFpbZaghifrgi.mbfgbDaqg


Zaghifrgi.m,bagibasbdyibrmiodbnamjhbfgblaqimbodbdyibCa.md,byinjbyfh
samdgfrydnxbmicildfagbfgbyfhbrmogjbyadinbfgbLomfhpbZaghifrgi.mbqohbfg
yfhbfggimbmaaz,byfhbhogcd.omxbasbhogcd.omfih,bdyibYanfihdbasbYanfihdhbda
dyibcmaqjbasbqamhyfllimhbfgbdyibh.fdibasbmaazhbqfdya.dpbZaghifrgi.m
qohboua.dbdabdokibyfhbcyacanodipbZaghifrgi.mbca.njbhqonnaqbobrmiodbzogx
dyfgrhbqfdybiohi,bogjbqohbuxbhazibsiqbh.nnigbzfgjhbh.llahijbdabuibmodyim
molfjnxbhqonnaqfgrbSmogci;bu.d,byfhbzamgfgr'hbcyacanodibca.njbgadbha
z.cybohbridbfgdabdyibdymaodbasbZaghifrgi.m,bqfdya.dbdyibofjbasbsa.m
hdmagrbzigbuihfjihbdyibCaakp

XihpbFdbdaakbsa.mbzig,bonnbsa.mbounotibqfdybramria.hbjicamodfag,bogjbdyi
Cyfisbasbdyizb.gounibdabiefhdbqfdybsiqimbdyogbdqabranjbqodcyihbfgbyfh
lackid,biz.nodfvibasbdyibgaunibogjbcyohdibsohyfagbhidbuxbZaghifrgi.m,bda
cagj.cdbdyibyollxbcyacanodibdabZaghifrgi.m'hbnflhpbAgibnocw.ixbcommfij
dyibcyacanodi-ladbfgdabdyibhocmijblmihigci;bobhicagj,bzfnnijbogjbsmadyij
dyibcyacanodibqfdybdyibnfddnibfghdm.zigdbyibuamibsambdyodbs.gcdfag;
obdyfmj,blmihigdijbdyibsova.mijbgolkfg;bobsa.mdyb(yibasbdyibdqabranj
qodcyih),bla.mijbdyibcyacanodiba.dpbFdbqohbfzlahhfunibsambZaghifrgi.mbda
jfhlighibqfdybagibasbdyihiboddigjogdhbagbdyibcyacanodibogjbyanjbyfhbyfry
lnocib.gjimbdyibojzfmfgrbYiovighpbJiilbqa.njbyovibuiigbdyibunadb.lag
yfhbihc.dcyiagbfsbyfhbcyacanodibyojbuiigbfrgaunxbqofdijbagbuxbagnxbdymii
zig;byibz.hdbyovibjfijbasbdqap

Zaghifrgi.mbyojbuiigba.dbodbobnfddnibh.llimbnohdbgfryd,bqyimibdyibCazijx
ogjbdyibRmogjbAlimobqimibcyomzfgrnxbmilmihigdijpbZaghifrgi.mbqohba.dbod
obnfddnibh.llimbzahdbgfrydh,bqfdybsohcfgodfgrbcazlogxpbHablanfdibogjbha
fzlmihhfunibqohbZaghifrgi.m,bdyodbdyibCazijxbogjbdyibRmogjbAlimobyojbsom
zamibfgsn.igcibqfdybyfzbfgbdyibdfmihazibomdfcnihbasbhdodibossofmhbogj
hdodibhicmidh,bdyogbdyibgiijhbasbonnbSmogcipbObyollxbcfmc.zhdogci
sambSmogci,bohbdyibnfkibonqoxhbfhbsambonnbca.gdmfihbhfzfnomnx
sova.mij!--onqoxhbqohbsambIgrnogjb(uxbqoxbasbieozlni),bfgbdyibmirmiddij
joxhbasbdyibzimmxbHd.omdbqyabhanjbfdp

Zaghifrgi.mbyojbagibdm.nxbgaunibfjiobasbrigimonbl.unfcbu.hfgihh,bqyfcy
qoh,bdabnidbivimxdyfgrbrabagbfgbfdhbaqgbqox;basblomdfc.nombl.unfc
u.hfgihh,bZaghifrgi.mbyojbdyibadyimbdm.nxbgaunibfjiobdyodbfdbz.hdbonnbra
yfhbqox--digjbdabyfhbaqgblaqimbogjblackidpbAsbyfhblnioh.mih,brigimonbogj
lomdfc.nom,bZaghifrgi.mbyojbdyibadyimbdm.nxbgaunibfjio,bdyodbdyibqamnj
qohbzojibsambdyizpbDyibdiedbasbyfhbamjimb(ondimijbsmazbdyibamfrfgon
uxbagnxboblmaga.g,bqyfcybfhbgadbz.cy)bmog:b“Dyibiomdybogjbdyibs.ngihh
dyimiasbomibzfgi,bhofdybZaghifrgi.mp”

Xid,bZaghifrgi.mbyojbhnaqnxbsa.gjbdyodbv.nrombizuommohhzigdhbcmildbfgda
yfhbossofmh,buadyblmfvodibogjbl.unfc;bogjbyibyoj,bohbdabuadybcnohhihbas
ossofmh,bonnfijbyfzhinsblimsamcibqfdybobSomzim-RigimonpbOhbdabsfgogcih
l.unfc,buico.hibZaghifrgi.mbca.njbgadbzokibogxdyfgrbodbonnbasbdyiz,bogj
z.hdbcaghiw.igdnxbnidbdyizba.dbdabhaziuajxbqyabca.nj;bohbdabsfgogcih
lmfvodi,buico.hibSomzim-Rigimonhbqimibmfcy,bogjbZaghifrgi.m,bosdim
rigimodfaghbasbrmiodbn.e.mxbogjbielighi,bqohbrmaqfgrblaampbYigci
Zaghifrgi.mbyojbdokigbyfhbhfhdimbsmazbobcagvigd,bqyfnibdyimibqohbxid
dfzibdabqomjbassbdyibfzligjfgrbvifn,bdyibcyiolihdbromzigdbhyibca.nj
qiom,bogjbyojbuihdaqijbyimbohboblmftib.lagbobvimxbmfcybSomzim-Rigimon,
laambfgbsozfnxpbQyfcybSomzim-Rigimon,bcommxfgrbogbollmalmfodibcogibqfdy
obranjigbollnibagbdyibdalbasbfd,bqohbgaqbozagrbdyibcazlogxbfgbdyiba.dim
maazh,bz.cyblmahdmodijbuisamibuxbzogkfgj--onqoxhbiecildfgrbh.limfam
zogkfgjbasbdyibunaajbasbZaghifrgi.m,bqya,byfhbaqgbqfsibfgcn.jij,bnaakij
jaqgb.lagbyfzbqfdybdyibnasdfihdbcagdizldp

Obh.zld.a.hbzogbqohbdyibSomzim-RigimonpbDyfmdxbyamhihbhdaajbfgbyfh
hdounih,bdqigdx-sa.mbzonibjazihdfchbhodbfgbyfhbyonnh,bhfebuajx-qazig
qofdijbagbyfhbqfsipbOhbagibqyablmidigjijbdabjabgadyfgrbu.dbln.gjimbogj
samoribqyimibyibca.nj,bdyibSomzim-Rigimon--yaqhaivimbyfhbzodmfzagfon
minodfaghbcagj.cijbdabhacfonbzamonfdx--qohbodbniohdbdyibrmiodihdbmionfdx
ozagrbdyiblimhagorihbqyaboddigjijbodbdyibyadinbasbZaghifrgi.mbdyodbjoxp

Sam,bdyibmaazh,bdya.rybobuio.dfs.nbhcigibdabnaakbod,bogjbojamgijbqfdy
ivimxbjivfcibasbjicamodfagbdyodbdyibdohdibogjbhkfnnbasbdyibdfzibca.nj
ocyfivi,bqimi,bfgbdm.dy,bgadbobha.gjbu.hfgihh;bcaghfjimijbqfdybogx
misimigcibdabdyibhcomicmaqhbfgbdyibmorhbogjbgfrydcolhbinhiqyimib(ogjbgad
habsombass,bifdyim,bu.dbdyodbdyibqodcyfgrbdaqimhbasbGadmibJozi,bonzahd
iw.fjfhdogdbsmazbdyibdqabiedmizih,bca.njbhiibdyizbuady),bdyixbqa.nj
yovibuiigbogbieciijfgrnxb.gcazsamdounibu.hfgihh--fsbdyodbca.njbyovi
uiigbogxuajx'hbu.hfgihh,bodbdyibya.hibasbZaghifrgi.mpbZfnfdomxbassfcimh
jihdfd.dibasbzfnfdomxbkgaqnijri;bgovonbassfcimhbqfdybgabfjiobasbobhyfl;
cfvfnbassfcimhbqfdya.dbobgadfagbasbossofmh;bumotigbiccnihfohdfch,basbdyi
qamhdbqamnjbqamnjnx,bqfdybhigh.onbixih,bnaahibdagr.ih,bogjbnaahimbnfvih;
onnbdadonnxb.gsfdbsambdyifmbhivimonbconnfgrh,bonnbnxfgrbyammfunxbfg
lmidigjfgrbdabuinagrbdabdyiz,bu.dbonnbgiomnxbambmizadinxbasbdyibamjimbas
Zaghifrgi.m,bogjbdyimisamibsafhdijbagbonnbl.unfcbizlnaxzigdhbsmazbqyfcy
ogxdyfgrbqohbdabuibrad;bdyihibqimibdabuibdanjbassbuxbdyibhcamibogjbdyi
hcamipbLialnibgadbfzzijfodinxbcaggicdijbqfdybZaghifrgi.mbambdyibHdodi,
xidbiw.onnxb.gcaggicdijbqfdybogxdyfgrbdyodbqohbmion,bambqfdybnfvih
lohhijbfgbdmovinnfgrbuxbogxbhdmofrydbmaojbdabogxbdm.ibiomdynxbigj,bqimi
gabnihhbou.gjogdpbJacdamhbqyabzojibrmiodbsamd.gihba.dbasbjofgdxbmizijfih
sambfzorfgomxbjfhamjimhbdyodbgivimbiefhdij,bhzfnijb.lagbdyifmbca.mdnx
lodfigdhbfgbdyibogdi-cyozuimhbasbZaghifrgi.mpbLma icdamhbqyabyoj
jfhcavimijbivimxbkfgjbasbmizijxbsambdyibnfddnibivfnhbqfdybqyfcybdyi
Hdodibqohbda.cyij,biecildbdyibmizijxbasbhiddfgrbdabqamkbfgbiomgihdbda
maadba.dbobhfgrnibhfg,bla.mijbdyifmbjfhdmocdfgrbuouunibfgdabogxbiomh
dyixbca.njbnoxbyanjbas,bodbdyibmicildfagbasbZaghifrgi.mpb.guinfivfgr
Lyfnahalyimhbqyabqimibmizajinnfgrbdyibqamnjbqfdybqamjh,bogjbzokfgr
comj-daqimhbasbUouinbdabhconibdyibhkfihbqfdy,bdonkijbqfdyb.guinfivfgr
Cyizfhdhbqyabyojbogbixibagbdyibdmoghz.dodfagbasbzidonh,bodbdyfh
qagjims.nbrodyimfgrbocc.z.nodijbuxbZaghifrgi.mpbIew.fhfdibrigdnizigbas
dyibsfgihdbumiijfgr,bqyfcybqohbodbdyodbmizomkounibdfzi--ogjbyohbuiig
hfgci--dabuibkgaqgbuxbfdhbsm.fdhbasbfgjfssimigcibdabivimxbgod.mon
h.u icdbasby.zogbfgdimihd,bqimibfgbdyibzahdbieizlnomxbhdodibas
ieyo.hdfag,bodbdyibyadinbasbZaghifrgi.mpbH.cybyazihbyojbdyihibvomfa.h
gadoufnfdfihbnisdbuiyfgjbdyizbfgbdyibsfgibqamnjbasbLomfh,bdyodbdyibhlfih
ozagrbdyibohhizunijbjivadiihbasbZaghifrgi.m--samzfgrbobraajnxbyons
asbdyiblanfdibcazlogx--qa.njbyovibsa.gjbfdbyomjbdabjfhcavimbozagr
dyibogrinhbasbdyodbhlyimibagibhanfdomxbqfsi,bqya,bfgbyimbzoggimhbogj
olliomogci,baqgijbdabuifgrbobZadyimpbFgjiij,biecildbsambdyibzimibocdbas
umfgrfgrbobdma.unihazibcmiod.mibfgdabdyfhbqamnj--qyfcybjaihbgadbrabsom
daqomjhbdyibmionfhodfagbasbdyibgozibasbzadyim--dyimibqohbgabh.cybdyfgr
kgaqgbdabdyibsohyfagpbLiohogdbqazigbkildbdyib.gsohyfagounibuoufihbcnahi,
ogjbuma.rydbdyizb.l,bogjbcyomzfgrbrmogjzozzohbasbhfedxbjmihhijbogj
h.llijbohbodbdqigdxp

Dyibnilmahxbasb.gmionfdxbjfhsfr.mijbivimxby.zogbcmiod.mibfgboddigjogci
.lagbZaghifrgi.mpbFgbdyiba.dimzahdbmaazbqimibyonsbobjatigbiecildfagon
lialnibqyabyojbyoj,bsambobsiqbxiomh,bhazibvor.ibzfhrfvfgrbfgbdyizbdyod
dyfgrhbfgbrigimonbqimibrafgrbmodyimbqmagrpbOhboblmazfhfgrbqoxbasbhiddfgr
dyizbmfryd,byonsbasbdyibyons-jatigbyojbuicazibzizuimhbasbobsogdohdfc
hicdbasbCagv.nhfagfhdh,bogjbqimibivigbdyigbcaghfjimfgrbqfdyfgbdyizhinvih
qyidyimbdyixbhya.njbsaoz,bmori,bmaom,bogjbd.mgbcodonildfcbagbdyi
hlad--dyimiuxbhiddfgrb.lbobyfrynxbfgdinnfrfunibsfgrim-lahdbdabdyi
S.d.mi,bsambZaghifrgi.m'hbr.fjogcipbUihfjihbdyihibJimvfhyih,bqimibadyim
dymiibqyabyojbm.hyijbfgdabogadyimbhicd,bqyfcybzigjijbzoddimhbqfdybo
 omragboua.db“dyibCigdmibasbDm.dy:”byanjfgrbdyodbZogbyojbradba.dbasbdyi
CigdmibasbDm.dy--qyfcybjfjbgadbgiijbz.cybjizaghdmodfag--u.dbyojbgadbrad
a.dbasbdyibCfmc.zsimigci,bogjbdyodbyibqohbdabuibkildbsmazbsnxfgrba.dbas
dyibCfmc.zsimigci,bogjbqohbivigbdabuibhyavijbuockbfgdabdyibCigdmi,
uxbsohdfgrbogjbhiifgrbasbhlfmfdhpbOzagrbdyihi,boccamjfgrnx,bz.cy
jfhca.mhfgrbqfdybhlfmfdhbqigdbag--ogjbfdbjfjbobqamnjbasbraajbqyfcybgivim
uicozibzogfsihdp

U.d,bdyibcazsamdbqoh,bdyodbonnbdyibcazlogxbodbdyibrmogjbyadinbas
Zaghifrgi.mbqimiblimsicdnxbjmihhijpbFsbdyibJoxbasb .jrzigdbyojbagnxbuiig
ohcimdofgijbdabuibobjmihhbjox,bivimxuajxbdyimibqa.njbyovibuiigbidimgonnx
cammicdpbH.cybsmfttnfgrbogjblaqjimfgrbogjbhdfckfgrb.lbasbyofm,bh.cy
jinfcodibcazlniefaghbomdfsfcfonnxblmihimvijbogjbzigjij,bh.cybronnogd
hqamjhbdabnaakbod,bogjbh.cybjinfcodibyaga.mbdabdyibhighibasbhzinn,bqa.nj
h.minxbkiilbogxdyfgrbrafgr,bsambivimbogjbivimpbDyibiew.fhfdibrigdnizig
asbdyibsfgihdbumiijfgrbqamibnfddnibligjigdbdmfgkidhbdyodbcyfgkijbohbdyix
nogr.fjnxbzavij;bdyihibranjigbsiddimhbmogrbnfkiblmicfa.hbnfddnibuinnh;
ogjbqyodbqfdybdyodbmfgrfgr,bogjbqfdybdyibm.hdnibasbhfnkbogjbumacojibogj
sfgibnfgig,bdyimibqohbobsn.ddimbfgbdyibofmbdyodbsoggijbHofgdbOgdafgibogj
yfhbjiva.mfgrby.grimbsomboqoxp

Jmihhbqohbdyibagib.gsofnfgrbdonfhzogbogjbcyomzb.hijbsambkiilfgrbonn
dyfgrhbfgbdyifmblnocihpbIvimxuajxbqohbjmihhijbsambobSogcxbUonnbdyod
qohbgivimbdabniovibasspbSmazbdyibLonocibasbdyibD.fnimfih,bdyma.ry
Zaghifrgi.mbogjbdyibqyanibCa.md,bdyma.rybdyibCyozuimh,bdyibDmfu.gonh
asb .hdfci,bogjbonnbhacfidxb(iecildbdyibhcomicmaqh),bdyibSogcxbUonn
jihcigjijbdabdyibCazzagbIeic.dfagim:bqya,bfgbl.mh.ogcibasbdyibcyomz,bqoh
miw.fmijbdabassfcfodib“smfttnij,blaqjimij,bfgbobranj-nocijbcaod,bl.zlh,
ogjbqyfdibhfnkbhdackfgrhp”bOdbdyibronnaqhbogjbdyibqyiin--dyiboeibqohbo
momfdx--Zaghfi.mbLomfh,bohbfdbqohbdyibilfhcalonbzajibozagrbyfhbumadyim
Lmasihhamhbasbdyiblmavfgcih,bZaghfi.mbAmniogh,bogjbdyibmihd,bdabconn
yfz,blmihfjijbfgbdyfhbjofgdxbjmihhpbOgjbqyabozagrbdyibcazlogxbod
Zaghifrgi.m'hbmicildfagbfgbdyodbhivigdiigby.gjmijbogjbifrydfidybxiom
asba.mbNamj,bca.njblahhfunxbja.ud,bdyodbobhxhdizbmaadijbfgbobsmfttnij
yogrzog,blaqjimij,branj-nocij,bl.zlij,bogjbqyfdi-hfnkbhdackfgrij,bqa.nj
hiibdyibvimxbhdomhba.d!

Zaghifrgi.mbyovfgrbiohijbyfhbsa.mbzigbasbdyifmbu.mjighbogjbdokigbyfh
cyacanodi,bco.hijbdyibjaamhbasbdyibYanfihdbasbYanfihdhbdabuibdymaqg
alig,bogjbfhh.ijbsamdypbDyig,bqyodbh.uzfhhfag,bqyodbcmfgrfgrbogj
soqgfgr,bqyodbhimvfnfdx,bqyodbou icdby.zfnfodfag!bOhbdabuaqfgrbjaqgbfg
uajxbogjbhlfmfd,bgadyfgrbfgbdyodbqoxbqohbnisdbsambYiovig--qyfcybzoxbyovi
uiigbagibozagrbadyimbmiohaghbqyxbdyibqamhyfllimhbasbZaghifrgi.mbgivim
dma.unijbfdp

Uihdaqfgrbobqamjbasblmazfhibyimibogjbobhzfnibdyimi,bobqyfhlimbagbagi
yollxbhnovibogjbobqovibasbdyibyogjbagbogadyim,bZaghifrgi.mbossounx
lohhijbdyma.rybyfhbmaazhbdabdyibmizadibmirfagbasbdyibCfmc.zsimigcibas
Dm.dypbDyimi,bZaghifrgi.mbd.mgij,bogjbcozibuockborofg,bogjbhabfgbj.i
ca.mhibasbdfzibradbyfzhinsbhy.db.lbfgbyfhbhogcd.omxbuxbdyibcyacanodi
hlmfdih,bogjbqohbhiigbgabzamip

Dyibhyaqbuifgrbavim,bdyibsn.ddimbfgbdyibofmbuicozibw.fdibobnfddnibhdamz,
ogjbdyiblmicfa.hbnfddnibuinnhbqigdbmfgrfgrbjaqghdofmhpbDyimibqohbhaag
u.dbagiblimhagbnisdbasbonnbdyibcmaqj,bogjbyi,bqfdybyfhbyodb.gjimbyfhbomz
ogjbyfhbhg.ss-uaebfgbyfhbyogj,bhnaqnxblohhijbozagrbdyibzfmmamhbagbyfh
qoxba.dp

“Fbjivadibxa.,”bhofjbdyfhblimhag,bhdallfgrbodbdyibnohdbjaambagbyfhbqox,
ogjbd.mgfgrbfgbdyibjfmicdfagbasbdyibhogcd.omx,b“dabdyibJivfn!”

Qfdybdyod,byibhyaakbdyibhg.ssbsmazbyfhbsfgrimhbohbfsbyibyojbhyokigbdyi
j.hdbsmazbyfhbsiid,bogjbw.fidnxbqonkijbjaqghdofmhp

Yibqohbobzogbasboua.dbhfedx,byogjhazinxbjmihhij,byo.rydxbfgbzoggim,bogj
qfdybobsocibnfkibobsfgibzohkpbObsocibasbobdmoghlomigdblonigihh;bivimx
siod.mibfgbfdbcniomnxbjisfgij;bagibhidbielmihhfagbagbfdpbDyibgahi,
uio.dfs.nnxbsamzijbadyimqfhi,bqohbvimxbhnfrydnxblfgcyijbodbdyibdal
asbiocybgahdmfnpbFgbdyahibdqabcazlmihhfagh,bambjfgdh,bdyibagnxbnfddni
cyogribdyodbdyibsocibivimbhyaqij,bmihfjijpbDyixblimhfhdijbfgbcyogrfgr
cana.mbhazidfzih,bogjbdyixbqa.njbuibaccohfagonnxbjfnodijbogjbcagdmocdij
uxbhazidyfgrbnfkibobsofgdbl.nhodfag;bdyig,bdyixbrovibobnaakbas
dmiocyimx,bogjbcm.indx,bdabdyibqyanibca.gdigogcipbIeozfgijbqfdy
oddigdfag,bfdhbcolocfdxbasbyinlfgrbh.cybobnaakbqohbdabuibsa.gjbfgbdyi
nfgibasbdyibza.dy,bogjbdyibnfgihbasbdyibamufdhbasbdyibixih,buifgrbz.cy
daabyamftagdonbogjbdyfg;bhdfnn,bfgbdyibissicdbasbdyibsocibzoji,bfdbqohbo
yogjhazibsoci,bogjbobmizomkounibagip

Fdhbaqgimbqigdbjaqghdofmhbfgdabdyibca.mdxomj,bradbfgdabyfhbcommfori,bogj
jmaviboqoxpbGadbzogxblialnibyojbdonkijbqfdybyfzbodbdyibmicildfag;byibyoj
hdaajbfgbobnfddnibhlocibolomd,bogjbZaghifrgi.mbzfrydbyovibuiigbqomzim
fgbyfhbzoggimpbFdbolliomij,b.gjimbdyibcfmc.zhdogcih,bmodyimbormiiouni
dabyfzbdabhiibdyibcazzagblialnibjfhlimhijbuisamibyfhbyamhih,bogj
asdigbuominxbihcolfgrbsmazbuifgrbm.gbjaqgpbYfhbzogbjmavibohbfsbyibqimi
cyomrfgrbogbigizx,bogjbdyibs.mfa.hbmicknihhgihhbasbdyibzogbuma.rydbga
cyickbfgdabdyibsoci,bambdabdyibnflh,basbdyibzohdimpbDyibcazlnofgdbyoj
hazidfzihbzojibfdhinsbo.jfuni,bivigbfgbdyodbjiosbcfdxbogjbj.zubori,
dyod,bfgbdyibgommaqbhdmiidhbqfdya.dbsaadqoxh,bdyibsfimciblodmfcfog
c.hdazbasbyomjbjmfvfgrbigjogrimijbogjbzofzijbdyibzimibv.nrombfgbo
uomuoma.hbzoggimpbU.d,bsiqbcomijbiga.rybsambdyodbdabdyfgkbasbfdbobhicagj
dfzi,bogj,bfgbdyfhbzoddim,bohbfgbonnbadyimh,bdyibcazzagbqmidcyihbqimi
nisdbdabridba.dbasbdyifmbjfssfc.ndfihbohbdyixbca.njp

Qfdybobqfnjbmoddnibogjbcnoddim,bogjbogbfgy.zogbouogjagzigdbas
caghfjimodfagbgadbiohxbdabuib.gjimhdaajbfgbdyihibjoxh,bdyibcommfori
johyijbdyma.rybhdmiidhbogjbhqildbma.gjbcamgimh,bqfdybqazigbhcmiozfgr
uisamibfd,bogjbzigbcn.dcyfgrbiocybadyimbogjbcn.dcyfgrbcyfnjmigba.dbas
fdhbqoxpbOdbnohd,bhqaalfgrbodbobhdmiidbcamgimbuxbobsa.gdofg,bagibasbfdh
qyiinhbcozibdabobhfckigfgrbnfddnib and,bogjbdyimibqohbobna.jbcmxbsmazbo
g.zuimbasbvafcih,bogjbdyibyamhihbmiomijbogjbln.grijp

U.dbsambdyibnoddimbfgcagvigfigci,bdyibcommforiblmauounxbqa.njbgadbyovi
hdallij;bcommforihbqimibasdigbkgaqgbdabjmfvibag,bogjbniovibdyifmbqa.gjij
uiyfgj,bogjbqyxbgad?bU.dbdyibsmfrydigijbvonidbyojbradbjaqgbfgboby.mmx,
ogjbdyimibqimibdqigdxbyogjhbodbdyibyamhih'bumfjnihp

“Qyodbyohbragibqmagr?”bhofjbZaghfi.m,bconznxbnaakfgrba.dp

Obdonnbzogbfgbobgfrydcolbyojbco.rydb.lbobu.gjnibsmazbozagrbdyibsiidbas
dyibyamhih,bogjbyojbnofjbfdbagbdyibuohizigdbasbdyibsa.gdofg,bogjbqoh
jaqgbfgbdyibz.jbogjbqid,byaqnfgrbavimbfdbnfkibobqfnjbogfzonp

“Lomjag,bZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh!”bhofjbobmorrijbogjbh.uzfhhfvibzog,b“fdbfh
obcyfnjp”

“Qyxbjaihbyibzokibdyodbouazfgounibgafhi?bFhbfdbyfhbcyfnj?”

“Iec.hibzi,bZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh--fdbfhboblfdx--xihp”

Dyibsa.gdofgbqohbobnfddnibmizavij;bsambdyibhdmiidbaligij,bqyimibfdbqoh,
fgdabobhlocibhazibdigbambdqinvibxomjhbhw.omipbOhbdyibdonnbzogbh.jjignx
radb.lbsmazbdyibrma.gj,bogjbcozibm.ggfgrbodbdyibcommfori,bZaghfi.mbdyi
Zomw.fhbcnollijbyfhbyogjbsambogbfghdogdbagbyfhbhqamj-yfndp

“Kfnnij!”bhymfikijbdyibzog,bfgbqfnjbjihlimodfag,biedigjfgrbuadybomzhbod
dyifmbnigrdybouavibyfhbyioj,bogjbhdomfgrbodbyfzpb“Jioj!”

Dyiblialnibcnahijbma.gj,bogjbnaakijbodbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhpbDyimibqoh
gadyfgrbmivionijbuxbdyibzogxbixihbdyodbnaakijbodbyfzbu.dbqodcys.ngihh
ogjbiorimgihh;bdyimibqohbgabvfhfunibzigocfgrbambogrimpbGifdyimbjfjbdyi
lialnibhoxbogxdyfgr;bosdimbdyibsfmhdbcmx,bdyixbyojbuiigbhfnigd,bogjbdyix
mizofgijbhapbDyibvafcibasbdyibh.uzfhhfvibzogbqyabyojbhlakig,bqohbsnod
ogjbdozibfgbfdhbiedmizibh.uzfhhfagpbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbmogbyfhbixih
avimbdyizbonn,bohbfsbdyixbyojbuiigbzimibmodhbcaziba.dbasbdyifmbyanihp

Yibdaakba.dbyfhbl.mhip

“Fdbfhbiedmoamjfgomxbdabzi,”bhofjbyi,b“dyodbxa.blialnibcoggadbdokibcomi
asbxa.mhinvihbogjbxa.mbcyfnjmigpbAgibambdyibadyimbasbxa.bfhbsambivimbfg
dyibqoxpbYaqbjabFbkgaqbqyodbfg .mxbxa.byovibjagibzxbyamhihpbHii!bRfvi
yfzbdyodp”

Yibdymiqba.dbobranjbcafgbsambdyibvonidbdablfckb.l,bogjbonnbdyibyiojh
cmogijbsamqomjbdyodbonnbdyibixihbzfrydbnaakbjaqgbodbfdbohbfdbsinnpbDyi
donnbzogbconnijba.dborofgbqfdybobzahdb.giomdynxbcmx,b“Jioj!”

Yibqohbommihdijbuxbdyibw.fckbommfvonbasbogadyimbzog,bsambqyazbdyibmihd
zojibqoxpbAgbhiifgrbyfz,bdyibzfhimounibcmiod.mibsinnb.lagbyfhbhya.njim,
hauufgrbogjbcmxfgr,bogjblafgdfgrbdabdyibsa.gdofg,bqyimibhazibqazigbqimi
hdaalfgrbavimbdyibzadfagnihhbu.gjni,bogjbzavfgrbrigdnxboua.dbfdpbDyix
qimibohbhfnigd,byaqivim,bohbdyibzigp

“Fbkgaqbonn,bFbkgaqbonn,”bhofjbdyibnohdbcazimpb“Uibobumovibzog,bzx
Rohlomj!bFdbfhbuiddimbsambdyiblaambnfddniblnoxdyfgrbdabjfibha,bdyogbda
nfvipbFdbyohbjfijbfgbobzazigdbqfdya.dblofgpbCa.njbfdbyovibnfvijbogbya.m
ohbyollfnx?”

“Xa.bomiboblyfnahalyim,bxa.bdyimi,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,bhzfnfgrpb“Yaqbja
dyixbconnbxa.?”

“DyixbconnbzibJisomrip”

“Asbqyodbdmoji?”

“Zaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,bvigjambasbqfgip”

“Lfckb.lbdyod,blyfnahalyimbogjbvigjambasbqfgi,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,
dymaqfgrbyfzbogadyimbranjbcafg,b“ogjbhligjbfdbohbxa.bqfnnpbDyibyamhih
dyimi;bomibdyixbmfryd?”

Qfdya.dbjifrgfgrbdabnaakbodbdyibohhizunoribobhicagjbdfzi,bZaghfi.mbdyi
Zomw.fhbniogijbuockbfgbyfhbhiod,bogjbqohb .hdbuifgrbjmfvigboqoxbqfdybdyi
ofmbasbobrigdnizogbqyabyojboccfjigdonnxbumakibhazibcazzagbdyfgr,bogjbyoj
lofjbsambfd,bogjbca.njbossamjbdabloxbsambfd;bqyigbyfhbiohibqohbh.jjignx
jfhd.muijbuxbobcafgbsnxfgrbfgdabyfhbcommfori,bogjbmfgrfgrbagbfdhbsnaamp

“Yanj!”bhofjbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhpb“Yanjbdyibyamhih!bQyabdymiqbdyod?”

YibnaakijbdabdyibhladbqyimibJisomribdyibvigjambasbqfgibyojbhdaaj,bo
zazigdbuisami;bu.dbdyibqmidcyijbsodyimbqohbrmavinnfgrbagbyfhbsocibag
dyiblovizigdbfgbdyodbhlad,bogjbdyibsfr.mibdyodbhdaajbuihfjibyfzbqohbdyi
sfr.mibasbobjomkbhda.dbqazog,bkgfddfgrp

“Xa.bjarh!”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,bu.dbhzaadynx,bogjbqfdybogb.gcyogrijbsmagd,
iecildbohbdabdyibhladhbagbyfhbgahi:b“Fbqa.njbmfjibavimbogxbasbxa.bvimx
qfnnfgrnx,bogjbiedimzfgodibxa.bsmazbdyibiomdypbFsbFbkgiqbqyfcybmohcon
dymiqbodbdyibcommfori,bogjbfsbdyodbumfrogjbqimibh.ssfcfigdnxbgiombfd,byi
hya.njbuibcm.hyijb.gjimbdyibqyiinhp”

Habcaqijbqohbdyifmbcagjfdfag,bogjbhabnagrbogjbyomjbdyifmbielimfigcibas
qyodbh.cybobzogbca.njbjabdabdyiz,bqfdyfgbdyibnoqbogjbuixagjbfd,bdyodbgad
obvafci,bambobyogj,bambivigbogbixibqohbmofhijpbOzagrbdyibzig,bgadbagip
U.dbdyibqazogbqyabhdaajbkgfddfgrbnaakijb.lbhdiojfnx,bogjbnaakijbdyi
Zomw.fhbfgbdyibsocipbFdbqohbgadbsambyfhbjfrgfdxbdabgadfcibfd;byfh
cagdizld.a.hbixihblohhijbavimbyim,bogjbavimbonnbdyibadyimbmodh;bogjbyi
niogijbuockbfgbyfhbhiodborofg,bogjbrovibdyibqamjb“Rabag!”

Yibqohbjmfvigbag,bogjbadyimbcommforihbcozibqyfmnfgrbuxbfgbw.fck
h.ccihhfag;bdyibZfgfhdim,bdyibHdodi-Lma icdam,bdyibSomzim-Rigimon,bdyi
Jacdam,bdyibNoqxim,bdyibIccnihfohdfc,bdyibRmogjbAlimo,bdyibCazijx,bdyi
qyanibSogcxbUonnbfgbobumfrydbcagdfg.a.hbsnaq,bcozibqyfmnfgrbuxpbDyibmodh
yojbcmildba.dbasbdyifmbyanihbdabnaakbag,bogjbdyixbmizofgijbnaakfgr
agbsambya.mh;bhanjfimhbogjblanfcibasdigblohhfgrbuidqiigbdyizbogjbdyi
hlicdocni,bogjbzokfgrbobuommfimbuiyfgjbqyfcybdyixbhn.gk,bogjbdyma.ry
qyfcybdyixbliilijpbDyibsodyimbyojbnagrborabdokigb.lbyfhbu.gjnibogj
ufjjigbyfzhinsboqoxbqfdybfd,bqyigbdyibqazigbqyabyojbdigjijbdyibu.gjni
qyfnibfdbnoxbagbdyibuohibasbdyibsa.gdofg,bhodbdyimibqodcyfgrbdyibm.ggfgr
asbdyibqodimbogjbdyibmannfgrbasbdyibSogcxbUonn--qyigbdyibagibqazogbqya
yojbhdaajbcaghlfc.a.h,bkgfddfgr,bhdfnnbkgfddijbagbqfdybdyibhdiojsohdgihh
asbSodipbDyibqodimbasbdyibsa.gdofgbmog,bdyibhqfsdbmfvimbmog,bdyibjoxbmog
fgdabivigfgr,bhabz.cybnfsibfgbdyibcfdxbmogbfgdabjiodyboccamjfgrbdabm.ni,
dfzibogjbdfjibqofdijbsambgabzog,bdyibmodhbqimibhniilfgrbcnahibdaridyim
fgbdyifmbjomkbyanihborofg,bdyibSogcxbUonnbqohbnfrydijb.lbodbh.llim,bonn
dyfgrhbmogbdyifmbca.mhip




VFFFpbZaghifrgi.mbfgbdyibCa.gdmx


Obuio.dfs.nbnogjhcoli,bqfdybdyibcamgbumfrydbfgbfd,bu.dbgadbou.gjogdp
Lodcyihbasblaambmxibqyimibcamgbhya.njbyovibuiig,blodcyihbasblaamblioh
ogjbuiogh,blodcyihbasbzahdbcaomhibviridounibh.uhdfd.dihbsambqyiodpbAg
fgogfzodibgod.mi,bohbagbdyibzigbogjbqazigbqyabc.ndfvodijbfd,boblmivonigd
digjigcxbdaqomjhbogbolliomogcibasbviridodfgrb.gqfnnfgrnx--obji icdij
jfhlahfdfagbdabrfvib.l,bogjbqfdyimboqoxp

Zaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbfgbyfhbdmovinnfgrbcommforib(qyfcybzfrydbyovibuiig
nfrydim),bcagj.cdijbuxbsa.mblahd-yamhihbogjbdqablahdfnfagh,bsorrijb.l
obhdiilbyfnnpbObun.hybagbdyibca.gdigogcibasbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbqoh
gabfzliocyzigdbasbyfhbyfrybumiijfgr;bfdbqohbgadbsmazbqfdyfg;bfdbqoh
accohfagijbuxbogbiedimgonbcfmc.zhdogcibuixagjbyfhbcagdman--dyibhiddfgr
h.gp

Dyibh.ghidbhdm.ckbhabumfnnfogdnxbfgdabdyibdmovinnfgrbcommforibqyigbfd
rofgijbdyibyfnn-dal,bdyodbfdhbacc.logdbqohbhdiilijbfgbcmfzhagpb“Fdbqfnn
jfiba.d,”bhofjbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,brnogcfgrbodbyfhbyogjh,b“jfmicdnxp”

Fgbissicd,bdyibh.gbqohbhabnaqbdyodbfdbjfllijbodbdyibzazigdpbQyigbdyi
yiovxbjmorbyojbuiigboj .hdijbdabdyibqyiin,bogjbdyibcommforibhnfjbjaqg
yfnn,bqfdybobcfgjima.hbhzinn,bfgbobcna.jbasbj.hd,bdyibmijbrnaqbjilomdij
w.fcknx;bdyibh.gbogjbdyibZomw.fhbrafgrbjaqgbdaridyim,bdyimibqohbgabrnaq
nisdbqyigbdyibjmorbqohbdokigbassp

U.d,bdyimibmizofgijbobumakigbca.gdmx,buanjbogjbalig,bobnfddnibvfnnori
odbdyibuaddazbasbdyibyfnn,bobumaojbhqiilbogjbmfhibuixagjbfd,bo
cy.mcy-daqim,bobqfgjzfnn,bobsamihdbsambdyibcyohi,bogjbobcmorbqfdybo
samdmihhbagbfdb.hijbohboblmfhagpbMa.gjb.lagbonnbdyihibjomkigfgrbau icdh
ohbdyibgfrydbjmiqbag,bdyibZomw.fhbnaakij,bqfdybdyibofmbasbagibqyabqoh
cazfgrbgiombyazip

Dyibvfnnoribyojbfdhbagiblaambhdmiid,bqfdybfdhblaambumiqimx,blaam
doggimx,blaambdovimg,blaambhdouni-xomjbsambminoxhbasblahd-yamhih,blaam
sa.gdofg,bonnb.h.onblaambollafgdzigdhpbFdbyojbfdhblaamblialnibdaapbOnn
fdhblialnibqimiblaam,bogjbzogxbasbdyizbqimibhfddfgrbodbdyifmbjaamh,
hymijjfgrbhlomibagfaghbogjbdyibnfkibsambh.llim,bqyfnibzogxbqimibodbdyi
sa.gdofg,bqohyfgrbniovih,bogjbrmohhih,bogjbogxbh.cybhzonnbxfinjfgrhbas
dyibiomdybdyodbca.njbuibiodigpbIelmihhfvibhfrghbasbqyodbzojibdyizblaam,
qimibgadbqogdfgr;bdyibdoebsambdyibhdodi,bdyibdoebsambdyibcy.mcy,bdyibdoe
sambdyibnamj,bdoebnaconbogjbdoebrigimon,bqimibdabuiblofjbyimibogjbdabui
lofjbdyimi,boccamjfgrbdabhanizgbfghcmfldfagbfgbdyibnfddnibvfnnori,b.gdfn
dyibqagjimbqoh,bdyodbdyimibqohbogxbvfnnoribnisdb.ghqonnaqijp

Siqbcyfnjmigbqimibdabuibhiig,bogjbgabjarhpbOhbdabdyibzigbogjbqazig,
dyifmbcyafcibagbiomdybqohbhdodijbfgbdyiblmahlicd--Nfsibagbdyibnaqihd
dimzhbdyodbca.njbh.hdofgbfd,bjaqgbfgbdyibnfddnibvfnnorib.gjimbdyibzfnn;
ambcoldfvfdxbogjbJiodybfgbdyibjazfgogdblmfhagbagbdyibcmorp

Yimonjijbuxbobca.mfimbfgbojvogci,bogjbuxbdyibcmockfgrbasbyfhblahdfnfagh'
qyflh,bqyfcybdqfgijbhgoki-nfkiboua.dbdyifmbyiojhbfgbdyibivigfgrbofm,boh
fsbyibcoziboddigjijbuxbdyibS.mfih,bZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbjmiqb.lbfg
yfhbdmovinnfgrbcommforibodbdyiblahdfgr-ya.hibrodipbFdbqohbyomjbuxbdyi
sa.gdofg,bogjbdyibliohogdhbh.hligjijbdyifmbalimodfaghbdabnaakbodbyfzp
Yibnaakijbodbdyiz,bogjbhoqbfgbdyiz,bqfdya.dbkgaqfgrbfd,bdyibhnaq
h.mibsfnfgrbjaqgbasbzfhimx-qamgbsocibogjbsfr.mi,bdyodbqohbdabzokibdyi
ziormigihhbasbSmigcyzigbogbIgrnfhybh.limhdfdfagbqyfcybhya.njbh.mvfvibdyi
dm.dybdyma.rybdyibuihdblomdbasboby.gjmijbxiomhp

Zaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbcohdbyfhbixihbavimbdyibh.uzfhhfvibsocihbdyod
jmaalijbuisamibyfz,bohbdyibnfkibasbyfzhinsbyojbjmaalijbuisami
Zaghifrgi.mbasbdyibCa.md--agnxbdyibjfssimigcibqoh,bdyodbdyihibsocih
jmaalijbziminxbdabh.ssimbogjbgadbdablmalfdfodi--qyigbobrmfttnijbzigjim
asbdyibmaojhb afgijbdyibrma.lp

“Umfgrbzibyfdyimbdyodbsinnaq!”bhofjbdyibZomw.fhbdabdyibca.mfimp

Dyibsinnaqbqohbuma.ryd,bcolbfgbyogj,bogjbdyibadyimbsinnaqhbcnahijbma.gj
dabnaakbogjbnfhdig,bfgbdyibzoggimbasbdyiblialnibodbdyibLomfhbsa.gdofgp

“Fblohhijbxa.bagbdyibmaoj?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bfdbfhbdm.ipbFbyojbdyibyaga.mbasbuifgrblohhijbagbdyibmaojp”

“Cazfgrb.lbdyibyfnn,bogjbodbdyibdalbasbdyibyfnn,buady?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bfdbfhbdm.ip”

“Qyodbjfjbxa.bnaakbod,bhabsfeijnx?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bFbnaakijbodbdyibzogp”

Yibhdaalijbobnfddni,bogjbqfdybyfhbdoddimijbun.ibcolblafgdijb.gjimbdyi
commforipbOnnbyfhbsinnaqhbhdaalijbdabnaakb.gjimbdyibcommforip

“Qyodbzog,blfr?bOgjbqyxbnaakbdyimi?”

“Lomjag,bZaghifrgi.m;byibhq.grbuxbdyibcyofgbasbdyibhyai--dyibjmorp”

“Qya?”bjizogjijbdyibdmovinnimp

“Zaghifrgi.m,bdyibzogp”

“ZoxbdyibJivfnbcommxboqoxbdyihibfjfadh!bYaqbjabxa.bconnbdyibzog?bXa.
kgaqbonnbdyibzigbasbdyfhblomdbasbdyibca.gdmxpbQyabqohbyi?”

“Xa.mbcnizigcx,bZaghifrgi.m!bYibqohbgadbasbdyfhblomdbasbdyibca.gdmxpbAs
onnbdyibjoxhbasbzxbnfsi,bFbgivimbhoqbyfzp”

“Hqfgrfgrbuxbdyibcyofg?bDabuibh.ssacodij?”

“Qfdybxa.mbrmocfa.hblimzfhhfag,bdyodbqohbdyibqagjimbasbfd,bZaghifrgi.mp
Yfhbyiojbyogrfgrbavim--nfkibdyfh!”

Yibd.mgijbyfzhinsbhfjiqoxhbdabdyibcommfori,bogjbniogijbuock,bqfdybyfh
socibdymaqgb.lbdabdyibhkx,bogjbyfhbyiojbyogrfgrbjaqg;bdyigbmicavimij
yfzhins,bs.zunijbqfdybyfhbcol,bogjbzojibobuaqp

“Qyodbqohbyibnfki?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,byibqohbqyfdimbdyogbdyibzfnnimpbOnnbcavimijbqfdybj.hd,
qyfdibohbobhlicdmi,bdonnbohbobhlicdmi!”

Dyiblfcd.miblmaj.cijbogbfzzighibhighodfagbfgbdyibnfddnibcmaqj;bu.dbonn
ixih,bqfdya.dbcazlomfgrbgadihbqfdybadyimbixih,bnaakijbodbZaghfi.m
dyibZomw.fhpbLimyolh,bdabauhimvibqyidyimbyibyojbogxbhlicdmibagbyfh
caghcfigcip

“Dm.nx,bxa.bjfjbqinn,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,bsinfcfda.hnxbhighfunibdyodbh.cy
vimzfgbqimibgadbdabm.ssnibyfz,b“dabhiibobdyfisboccazlogxfgrbzxbcommfori,
ogjbgadbaligbdyodbrmiodbza.dybasbxa.mhpbUoy!bL.dbyfzbohfji,bZaghfi.m
Rouinni!”

Zaghfi.mbRouinnibqohbdyibLahdzohdim,bogjbhazibadyimbdoefgrbs.gcdfagomx
.gfdij;byibyojbcaziba.dbqfdybrmiodbauhiw.fa.hgihhbdabohhfhdbodbdyfh
ieozfgodfag,bogjbyojbyinjbdyibieozfgijbuxbdyibjmolimxbasbyfhbomzbfgbog
assfcfonbzoggimp

“Uoy!bRabohfji!”bhofjbZaghfi.mbRouinnip

“Noxbyogjhbagbdyfhbhdmogrimbfsbyibhiikhbdabnajribfgbxa.mbvfnnori
da-gfryd,bogjbuibh.mibdyodbyfhbu.hfgihhbfhbyagihd,bRouinnip”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bFbozbsnoddimijbdabjivadibzxhinsbdabxa.mbamjimhp”

“Jfjbyibm.gboqox,bsinnaq?--qyimibfhbdyodbOcc.mhij?”

Dyibocc.mhijbqohbonmiojxb.gjimbdyibcommforibqfdybhazibyons-jatig
lomdfc.nombsmfigjh,blafgdfgrba.dbdyibcyofgbqfdybyfhbun.ibcolpbHazi
yons-jatigbadyimblomdfc.nombsmfigjhblmazldnxbyo.nijbyfzba.d,bogj
lmihigdijbyfzbumiodynihhbdabZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhp

“Jfjbdyibzogbm.gboqox,bJand,bqyigbqibhdallijbsambdyibjmor?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,byiblmicflfdodijbyfzhinsbavimbdyibyfnn-hfji,byiojbsfmhd,boh
oblimhagbln.grihbfgdabdyibmfvimp”

“Hiibdabfd,bRouinnipbRabag!”

Dyibyons-jatigbqyabqimibliimfgrbodbdyibcyofgbqimibhdfnnbozagrbdyi
qyiinh,bnfkibhyiil;bdyibqyiinhbd.mgijbhabh.jjignxbdyodbdyixbqimibn.ckx
dabhovibdyifmbhkfghbogjbuagih;bdyixbyojbvimxbnfddnibinhibdabhovi,bam
dyixbzfrydbgadbyovibuiigbhabsamd.godip

Dyibu.mhdbqfdybqyfcybdyibcommforibhdomdijba.dbasbdyibvfnnoribogjb.lbdyi
mfhibuixagj,bqohbhaagbcyickijbuxbdyibhdiilgihhbasbdyibyfnnpbRmoj.onnx,
fdbh.uhfjijbdabobsaadbloci,bhqfgrfgrbogjbn.zuimfgrb.lqomjbozagrbdyibzogx
hqiidbhcigdhbasbobh.zzimbgfrydpbDyiblahdfnfagh,bqfdybobdya.hogjbrahhozim
rgodhbcfmcnfgrboua.dbdyizbfgbnfi.basbdyibS.mfih,bw.fidnxbzigjijbdyi
lafgdhbdabdyibnohyihbasbdyifmbqyflh;bdyibvonidbqonkijbuxbdyibyamhih;bdyi
ca.mfimbqohbo.jfuni,bdmaddfgrbagboyiojbfgdabdyibj.nnbjfhdogcip

Odbdyibhdiilihdblafgdbasbdyibyfnnbdyimibqohbobnfddnibu.mfon-rma.gj,
qfdybobCmahhbogjbobgiqbnomribsfr.mibasbA.mbHovfa.mbagbfd;bfdbqohboblaam
sfr.mibfgbqaaj,bjagibuxbhazibfgielimfigcijbm.hdfcbcomvim,bu.dbyibyoj
hd.jfijbdyibsfr.mibsmazbdyibnfsi--yfhbaqgbnfsi,bzoxui--sambfdbqoh
jmiojs.nnxbhlomibogjbdyfgp

Dabdyfhbjfhdmihhs.nbizunizbasbobrmiodbjfhdmihhbdyodbyojbnagrbuiig
rmaqfgrbqamhi,bogjbqohbgadbodbfdhbqamhd,bobqazogbqohbkgiinfgrpbHyi
d.mgijbyimbyiojbohbdyibcommforibcozib.lbdabyim,bmahibw.fcknx,bogj
lmihigdijbyimhinsbodbdyibcommfori-jaamp

“Fdbfhbxa.,bZaghifrgi.m!bZaghifrgi.m,boblidfdfagp”

Qfdybogbiecnozodfagbasbfzlodfigci,bu.dbqfdybyfhb.gcyogriounibsoci,
Zaghifrgi.mbnaakijba.dp

“Yaq,bdyig!bQyodbfhbfd?bOnqoxhblidfdfagh!”

“Zaghifrgi.mpbSambdyibnavibasbdyibrmiodbRaj!bZxby.huogj,bdyibsamihdimp”

“Qyodbasbxa.mby.huogj,bdyibsamihdim?bOnqoxhbdyibhozibqfdybxa.blialnipbYi
coggadbloxbhazidyfgr?”

“Yibyohblofjbonn,bZaghifrgi.mpbYibfhbjiojp”

“Qinn!bYibfhbw.fidpbCogbFbmihdamibyfzbdabxa.?”

“Onoh,bga,bZaghifrgi.m!bU.dbyibnfihbxagjim,b.gjimbobnfddnibyiolbasblaam
rmohhp”

“Qinn?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bdyimibomibhabzogxbnfddnibyiolhbasblaambrmohh?”

“Orofg,bqinn?”

Hyibnaakijbogbanjbqazog,bu.dbqohbxa.grpbYimbzoggimbqohbagibasblohhfagodi
rmfis;buxbd.mghbhyibcnohlijbyimbvifga.hbogjbkgaddijbyogjhbdaridyim
qfdybqfnjbigimrx,bogjbnofjbagibasbdyizbagbdyibcommfori-jaam--digjimnx,
comihhfgrnx,bohbfsbfdbyojbuiigboby.zogbumiohd,bogjbca.njbuibielicdijbda
siinbdyibollionfgrbda.cyp

“Zaghifrgi.m,byiombzi!bZaghifrgi.m,byiombzxblidfdfag!bZxby.huogjbjfijbas
qogd;bhabzogxbjfibasbqogd;bhabzogxbzamibqfnnbjfibasbqogdp”

“Orofg,bqinn?bCogbFbsiijbdyiz?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bdyibraajbRajbkgaqh;bu.dbFbjag'dbohkbfdpbZxblidfdfagbfh,
dyodbobzamhinbasbhdagibambqaaj,bqfdybzxby.huogj'hbgozi,bzoxbuiblnocij
avimbyfzbdabhyaqbqyimibyibnfihpbAdyimqfhi,bdyiblnocibqfnnbuibw.fcknx
samraddig,bfdbqfnnbgivimbuibsa.gjbqyigbFbozbjiojbasbdyibhozibzonojx,bF
hyonnbuibnofjb.gjimbhazibadyimbyiolbasblaambrmohhpbZaghifrgi.m,bdyix
omibhabzogx,bdyixbfgcmiohibhabsohd,bdyimibfhbhabz.cybqogdpbZaghifrgi.m!
Zaghifrgi.m!”

Dyibvonidbyojbl.dbyimboqoxbsmazbdyibjaam,bdyibcommforibyojbumakigbfgda
obumfhkbdmad,bdyiblahdfnfaghbyojbw.fckigijbdyibloci,bhyibqohbnisdbsom
uiyfgj,bogjbZaghifrgi.m,borofgbihcamdijbuxbdyibS.mfih,bqohbmolfjnx
jfzfgfhyfgrbdyibnior.ibambdqabasbjfhdogcibdyodbmizofgijbuidqiigbyfzbogj
yfhbcyodio.p

Dyibhqiidbhcigdhbasbdyibh.zzimbgfrydbmahibonnboma.gjbyfz,bogjbmahi,boh
dyibmofgbsonnh,bfzlomdfonnx,bagbdyibj.hdx,bmorrij,bogjbdafn-qamgbrma.l
odbdyibsa.gdofgbgadbsomboqox;bdabqyazbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bqfdybdyibofj
asbdyibun.ibcolbqfdya.dbqyfcybyibqohbgadyfgr,bhdfnnbignomrijb.lagbyfh
zogbnfkibobhlicdmi,bohbnagrbohbdyixbca.njbuiombfdpbUxbjirmiih,bohbdyix
ca.njbuiombgabzami,bdyixbjmallijbassbagibuxbagi,bogjbnfrydhbdqfgknij
fgbnfddnibcohizigdh;bqyfcybnfrydh,bohbdyibcohizigdhbjomkigij,bogjbzami
hdomhbcoziba.d,bhiizijbdabyovibhyadb.lbfgdabdyibhkxbfghdiojbasbyovfgr
uiigbiedfgr.fhyijp

Dyibhyojaqbasbobnomribyfry-maasijbya.hi,bogjbasbzogxbavim-yogrfgrbdmiih,
qohb.lagbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbuxbdyodbdfzi;bogjbdyibhyojaqbqohbiecyogrij
sambdyibnfrydbasbobsnozuio.,bohbyfhbcommforibhdallij,bogjbdyibrmiodbjaam
asbyfhbcyodio.bqohbaligijbdabyfzp

“Zaghfi.mbCyomnih,bqyazbFbielicd;bfhbyibommfvijbsmazbIgrnogj?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bgadbxidp”




FEpbDyibRamrag'hbYioj


Fdbqohbobyiovxbzohhbasbu.fnjfgr,bdyodbcyodio.basbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,
qfdybobnomribhdagibca.mdxomjbuisamibfd,bogjbdqabhdagibhqiilhbas
hdofmcohibziidfgrbfgbobhdagibdimmocibuisamibdyiblmfgcflonbjaampbObhdagx
u.hfgihhbondaridyim,bqfdybyiovxbhdagibuon.hdmojih,bogjbhdagib.mgh,bogj
hdagibsnaqimh,bogjbhdagibsocihbasbzig,bogjbhdagibyiojhbasbnfagh,bfg
onnbjfmicdfaghpbOhbfsbdyibRamrag'hbyiojbyojbh.mvixijbfd,bqyigbfdbqoh
sfgfhyij,bdqabcigd.mfihborap

.lbdyibumaojbsnfrydbasbhyonnaqbhdilh,bZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,bsnozuio.
lmicijij,bqigdbsmazbyfhbcommfori,bh.ssfcfigdnxbjfhd.mufgrbdyibjomkgihh
dabinfcfdbna.jbmizaghdmogcibsmazbogbaqnbfgbdyibmaasbasbdyibrmiodblfni
asbhdounibu.fnjfgrboqoxbozagrbdyibdmiihpbOnnbinhibqohbhabw.fid,bdyodbdyi
snozuio.bcommfijb.lbdyibhdilh,bogjbdyibadyimbsnozuio.byinjbodbdyibrmiod
jaam,bu.mgdbohbfsbdyixbqimibfgbobcnahibmaazbasbhdodi,bfghdiojbasbuifgr
fgbdyibaligbgfryd-ofmpbAdyimbha.gjbdyogbdyibaqn'hbvafcibdyimibqohbgagi,
hovibdyibsonnfgrbasbobsa.gdofgbfgdabfdhbhdagibuohfg;bsam,bfdbqohbagibas
dyahibjomkbgfrydhbdyodbyanjbdyifmbumiodybuxbdyibya.mbdaridyim,bogjbdyig
yiovibobnagrbnaqbhfry,bogjbyanjbdyifmbumiodyborofgp

Dyibrmiodbjaambcnogrijbuiyfgjbyfz,bogjbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbcmahhijbo
yonnbrmfzbqfdybcimdofgbanjbuaom-hliomh,bhqamjh,bogjbkgfvihbasbdyibcyohi;
rmfzzimbqfdybcimdofgbyiovxbmfjfgr-majhbogjbmfjfgr-qyflh,basbqyfcybzogxbo
liohogd,bragibdabyfhbuigisocdambJiody,byojbsindbdyibqifrydbqyigbyfhbnamj
qohbogrmxp

Ovafjfgrbdyibnomrimbmaazh,bqyfcybqimibjomkbogjbzojibsohdbsambdyibgfryd,
Zaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,bqfdybyfhbsnozuio.-uiomimbrafgrbagbuisami,bqigdb.l
dyibhdofmcohibdabobjaambfgbobcammfjampbDyfhbdymaqgbalig,bojzfddijbyfz
dabyfhbaqgblmfvodibolomdzigdbasbdymiibmaazh:byfhbuij-cyozuimbogjbdqa
adyimhpbYfrybvo.ndijbmaazhbqfdybcaanb.gcomlidijbsnaamh,brmiodbjarhb.lag
dyibyiomdyhbsambdyibu.mgfgrbasbqaajbfgbqfgdimbdfzi,bogjbonnbn.e.mfih
uisfddfgrbdyibhdodibasbobzomw.fhbfgbobn.e.mfa.hboribogjbca.gdmxp
DyibsohyfagbasbdyibnohdbNa.fhbu.dbagi,basbdyibnfgibdyodbqohbgivimbda
umiok--dyibsa.mdiigdybNa.fh--qohbcaghlfc.a.hbfgbdyifmbmfcybs.mgfd.mi;
u.d,bfdbqohbjfvimhfsfijbuxbzogxbau icdhbdyodbqimibfnn.hdmodfaghbasbanj
lorihbfgbdyibyfhdamxbasbSmogcip

Obh.llim-dounibqohbnofjbsambdqa,bfgbdyibdyfmjbasbdyibmaazh;bobma.gj
maaz,bfgbagibasbdyibcyodio.'hbsa.mbiedfgr.fhyim-dallijbdaqimhpbObhzonn
nasdxbmaaz,bqfdybfdhbqfgjaqbqfjibalig,bogjbdyibqaajigb ona.hfi-unfgjh
cnahij,bhabdyodbdyibjomkbgfrydbagnxbhyaqijbfgbhnfrydbyamftagdonbnfgihbas
unock,bondimgodfgrbqfdybdyifmbumaojbnfgihbasbhdagibcana.mp

“Zxbgilyiq,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,brnogcfgrbodbdyibh.llimblmilomodfag;b“dyix
hofjbyibqohbgadbommfvijp”

Gambqohbyi;bu.d,byibyojbuiigbielicdijbqfdybZaghifrgi.mp

“Oy!bFdbfhbgadblmauounibyibqfnnbommfvibda-gfryd;bgivimdyinihh,bniovibdyi
dounibohbfdbfhpbFbhyonnbuibmiojxbfgbobw.omdimbasbogbya.mp”

Fgbobw.omdimbasbogbya.mbZaghifrgi.mbqohbmiojx,bogjbhodbjaqgbonagibdabyfh
h.zld.a.hbogjbcyafcibh.llimpbYfhbcyofmbqohballahfdibdabdyibqfgjaq,bogj
yibyojbdokigbyfhbha.l,bogjbqohbmofhfgrbyfhbrnohhbasbUamjio.ebdabyfh
nflh,bqyigbyibl.dbfdbjaqgp

“Qyodbfhbdyod?”byibconznxbohkij,bnaakfgrbqfdyboddigdfagbodbdyi
yamftagdonbnfgihbasbunockbogjbhdagibcana.mp

“Zaghifrgi.m?bDyod?”

“A.dhfjibdyibunfgjhpbAligbdyibunfgjhp”

Fdbqohbjagip

“Qinn?”

“Zaghifrgi.m,bfdbfhbgadyfgrpbDyibdmiihbogjbdyibgfrydbomibonnbdyodbomi
yimip”

Dyibhimvogdbqyabhlaki,byojbdymaqgbdyibunfgjhbqfji,byojbnaakijba.dbfgda
dyibvocogdbjomkgihh,bogjbhdaajbqfdybdyodbunogkbuiyfgjbyfz,bnaakfgrbma.gj
sambfghdm.cdfaghp

“Raaj,”bhofjbdyibfzlimd.muounibzohdimpb“Cnahibdyizborofgp”

Dyodbqohbjagibdaa,bogjbdyibZomw.fhbqigdbagbqfdybyfhbh.llimpbYibqoh
yonsbqoxbdyma.rybfd,bqyigbyiborofgbhdallijbqfdybyfhbrnohhbfgbyfhbyogj,
yiomfgrbdyibha.gjbasbqyiinhpbFdbcozibagbumfhknx,bogjbcozib.lbdabdyi
smagdbasbdyibcyodio.p

“Ohkbqyabfhbommfvijp”

FdbqohbdyibgilyiqbasbZaghifrgi.mpbYibyojbuiigbhazibsiqbnior.ihbuiyfgj
Zaghifrgi.m,biomnxbfgbdyibosdimgaagpbYibyojbjfzfgfhyijbdyibjfhdogci
molfjnx,bu.dbgadbhabmolfjnxbohbdabcazib.lbqfdybZaghifrgi.mbagbdyibmaojp
YibyojbyiomjbasbZaghifrgi.m,bodbdyiblahdfgr-ya.hih,bohbuifgrbuisamibyfzp

Yibqohbdabuibdanjb(hofjbZaghifrgi.m)bdyodbh.llimboqofdijbyfzbdyigbogj
dyimi,bogjbdyodbyibqohblmoxijbdabcazibdabfdpbFgbobnfddnibqyfnibyibcozip
YibyojbuiigbkgaqgbfgbIgrnogjbohbCyomnihbJomgoxp

Zaghifrgi.mbmicifvijbyfzbfgbobca.mdnxbzoggim,bu.dbdyixbjfjbgadbhyoki
yogjhp

“Xa.bnisdbLomfhbxihdimjox,bhfm?”byibhofjbdabZaghifrgi.m,bohbyibdaakbyfh
hiodbodbdounip

“XihdimjoxpbOgjbxa.?”

“Fbcazibjfmicdp”

“SmazbNagjag?”

“Xihp”

“Xa.byovibuiigbobnagrbdfzibcazfgr,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,bqfdybobhzfnip

“Agbdyibcagdmomx;bFbcazibjfmicdp”

“Lomjagbzi!bFbziog,bgadbobnagrbdfzibagbdyib a.mgix;bobnagrbdfzi
fgdigjfgrbdyib a.mgixp”

“Fbyovibuiigbjidofgijbux”--dyibgilyiqbhdallijbobzazigdbfgbyfh
oghqim--“vomfa.hbu.hfgihhp”

“Qfdya.dbja.ud,”bhofjbdyiblanfhyijb.gcnip

Habnagrbohbobhimvogdbqohblmihigd,bgabadyimbqamjhblohhijbuidqiigbdyizp
Qyigbcassiibyojbuiigbhimvijbogjbdyixbqimibonagibdaridyim,bdyibgilyiq,
naakfgrbodbdyib.gcnibogjbziidfgrbdyibixihbasbdyibsocibdyodbqohbnfkibo
sfgibzohk,baligijbobcagvimhodfagp

“Fbyovibcazibuock,bhfm,bohbxa.bogdfcflodi,bl.mh.fgrbdyibau icdbdyod
daakbziboqoxpbFdbcommfijbzibfgdabrmiodbogjb.gielicdijblimfn;bu.dbfdbfh
obhocmijbau icd,bogjbfsbfdbyojbcommfijbzibdabjiodybFbyalibfdbqa.njbyovi
h.hdofgijbzip”

“Gadbdabjiody,”bhofjbdyib.gcni;b“fdbfhbgadbgicihhomxbdabhox,bdabjiodyp”

“Fbja.ud,bhfm,”bmid.mgijbdyibgilyiq,b“qyidyim,bfsbfdbyojbcommfijbzibda
dyib.dzahdbumfgkbasbjiody,bxa.bqa.njbyovibcomijbdabhdalbzibdyimip”

Dyibjiiligijbzomkhbfgbdyibgahi,bogjbdyibnigrdyigfgrbasbdyibsfgibhdmofryd
nfgihbfgbdyibcm.inbsoci,bnaakijbazfga.hbohbdabdyod;bdyib.gcnibzojibo
rmocis.nbrihd.mibasblmadihd,bqyfcybqohbhabcniomnxbobhnfrydbsamzbasbraaj
umiijfgrbdyodbfdbqohbgadbmiohh.mfgrp

“Fgjiij,bhfm,”bl.mh.ijbdyibgilyiq,b“sambogxdyfgrbFbkgaq,bxa.bzoxbyovi
ielmihhnxbqamkijbdabrfvibobzamibh.hlfcfa.hbolliomogcibdabdyibh.hlfcfa.h
cfmc.zhdogcihbdyodbh.mma.gjijbzip”

“Ga,bga,bga,”bhofjbdyib.gcni,blniohogdnxp

“U.d,byaqivimbdyodbzoxbui,”bmih.zijbdyibgilyiq,brnogcfgrbodbyfzbqfdy
jiilbjfhdm.hd,b“Fbkgaqbdyodbxa.mbjflnazocxbqa.njbhdalbzibuxbogxbziogh,
ogjbqa.njbkgaqbgabhcm.lnibohbdabzioghp”

“Zxbsmfigj,bFbdanjbxa.bha,”bhofjbdyib.gcni,bqfdybobsfgibl.nhodfagbfgbdyi
dqabzomkhpb“Jabzibdyibsova.mbdabmiconnbdyodbFbdanjbxa.bha,bnagrborap”

“Fbmiconnbfdp”

“Dyogkbxa.,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh--vimxbhqiidnxbfgjiijp

Yfhbdagibnfgrimijbfgbdyibofm,bonzahdbnfkibdyibdagibasbobz.hfcon
fghdm.zigdp

“Fgbissicd,bhfm,”bl.mh.ijbdyibgilyiq,b“Fbuinfivibfdbdabuibodbagcibxa.m
uojbsamd.gi,bogjbzxbraajbsamd.gi,bdyodbyohbkildbziba.dbasboblmfhagbfg
Smogcibyimip”

“Fbjabgadbw.fdib.gjimhdogj,”bmid.mgijbdyib.gcni,bhfllfgrbyfhbcassiip
“JomibFbohkbxa.bdabielnofg?”

“Fbuinfivibdyodbfsbxa.bqimibgadbfgbjfhrmocibqfdybdyibCa.md,bogjbyojbgad
uiigbavimhyojaqijbuxbdyodbcna.jbsambxiomhblohd,bobniddimbjibcocyidbqa.nj
yovibhigdbzibdabhazibsamdmihhbfgjisfgfdinxp”

“Fdbfhblahhfuni,”bhofjbdyib.gcni,bqfdybrmiodbconzgihhpb“Sambdyibyaga.m
asbdyibsozfnx,bFbca.njbivigbmihanvibdabfgcazzajibxa.bdabdyodbiedigdp
Lmoxbiec.hibzi!”

“Fblimcifvibdyod,byollfnxbsambzi,bdyibMicildfagbasbdyibjoxbuisami
xihdimjoxbqoh,bohb.h.on,bobcanjbagi,”bauhimvijbdyibgilyiqp

“Fbqa.njbgadbhoxbyollfnx,bzxbsmfigj,”bmid.mgijbdyib.gcni,bqfdybmisfgij
lanfdigihh;b“Fbqa.njbgadbuibh.mibasbdyodpbObraajballamd.gfdxbsam
caghfjimodfag,bh.mma.gjijbuxbdyibojvogdorihbasbhanfd.ji,bzfrydbfgsn.igci
xa.mbjihdfgxbdabsombrmiodimbojvogdoribdyogbxa.bfgsn.igcibfdbsam
xa.mhinspbU.dbfdbfhb.hinihhbdabjfhc.hhbdyibw.ihdfagpbFboz,bohbxa.bhox,
odbobjfhojvogdoripbDyihibnfddnibfghdm.zigdhbasbcammicdfag,bdyihibrigdni
ofjhbdabdyiblaqimbogjbyaga.mbasbsozfnfih,bdyihibhnfrydbsova.mhbdyod
zfrydbhabfgcazzajibxa.,bomibagnxbdabuibaudofgijbgaqbuxbfgdimihd
ogjbfzlamd.gfdxpbDyixbomibha.rydbuxbhabzogx,bogjbdyixbomibrmogdij
(cazlomodfvinx)bdabhabsiq!bFdb.hijbgadbdabuibha,bu.dbSmogcibfgbonnbh.cy
dyfgrhbfhbcyogrijbsambdyibqamhipbA.mbgadbmizadibogcihdamhbyinjbdyibmfryd
asbnfsibogjbjiodybavimbdyibh.mma.gjfgrbv.nrompbSmazbdyfhbmaaz,bzogxbh.cy
jarhbyovibuiigbdokigba.dbdabuibyogrij;bfgbdyibgiedbmaazb(zxbuijmaaz),
agibsinnaq,bdaba.mbkgaqnijri,bqohblagfomjijbagbdyibhladbsamblmasihhfgr
hazibfghanigdbjinfcocxbmihlicdfgrbyfhbjo.rydim--_yfh_bjo.rydim?bQibyovi
nahdbzogxblmfvfnirih;bobgiqblyfnahalyxbyohbuicazibdyibzaji;bogjbdyi
ohhimdfagbasba.mbhdodfag,bfgbdyihibjoxh,bzfrydb(Fbjabgadbrabhabsomboh
dabhoxbqa.nj,bu.dbzfryd)bco.hib.hbmionbfgcagvigfigcipbOnnbvimxbuoj,bvimx
uoj!”

DyibZomw.fhbdaakbobrigdnibnfddniblfgcybasbhg.ss,bogjbhyaakbyfhbyioj;
ohbinirogdnxbjihlagjigdbohbyibca.njbuicazfgrnxbuibasbobca.gdmxbhdfnn
cagdofgfgrbyfzhins,bdyodbrmiodbzioghbasbmirigimodfagp

“Qibyovibhabohhimdijba.mbhdodfag,buadybfgbdyibanjbdfzibogjbfgbdyibzajimg
dfzibonha,”bhofjbdyibgilyiq,brnaazfnx,b“dyodbFbuinfiviba.mbgozibdabui
zamibjidihdijbdyogbogxbgozibfgbSmogcip”

“Nidb.hbyalibha,”bhofjbdyib.gcnipb“Jidihdodfagbasbdyibyfrybfhbdyi
fgvan.gdomxbyazoribasbdyibnaqp”

“Dyimibfhbgad,”bl.mh.ijbdyibgilyiq,bfgbyfhbsamzimbdagi,b“obsocibFbcog
naakbod,bfgbonnbdyfhbca.gdmxbma.gjboua.db.h,bqyfcybnaakhbodbzibqfdybogx
jisimigcibagbfdbu.dbdyibjomkbjisimigcibasbsiombogjbhnovimxp”

“Obcazlnfzigd,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,b“dabdyibrmogji.mbasbdyibsozfnx,
zimfdijbuxbdyibzoggimbfgbqyfcybdyibsozfnxbyohbh.hdofgijbfdhbrmogji.mp
Yoy!”bOgjbyibdaakbogadyimbrigdnibnfddniblfgcybasbhg.ss,bogjbnfrydnx
cmahhijbyfhbnirhp

U.d,bqyigbyfhbgilyiq,bniogfgrbogbinuaqbagbdyibdouni,bcavimijbyfhbixih
dya.ryds.nnxbogjbji icdijnxbqfdybyfhbyogj,bdyibsfgibzohkbnaakijbod
yfzbhfjiqoxhbqfdybobhdmagrimbcagcigdmodfagbasbkiiggihh,bcnahigihh,
ogjbjfhnfki,bdyogbqohbcazlamdounibqfdybfdhbqiomim'hbohh.zldfagbas
fgjfssimigcip

“MilmihhfagbfhbdyibagnxbnohdfgrblyfnahalyxpbDyibjomkbjisimigcibasbsiom
ogjbhnovimx,bzxbsmfigj,”bauhimvijbdyibZomw.fh,b“qfnnbkiilbdyibjarh
auijfigdbdabdyibqyfl,bohbnagrbohbdyfhbmaas,”bnaakfgrb.lbdabfd,b“hy.dh
a.dbdyibhkxp”

DyodbzfrydbgadbuibhabnagrbohbdyibZomw.fhbh.llahijpbFsboblfcd.mibasbdyi
cyodio.bohbfdbqohbdabuibobvimxbsiqbxiomhbyigci,bogjbasbsfsdxbnfkibfdboh
dyixbdaabqimibdabuibobvimxbsiqbxiomhbyigci,bca.njbyovibuiigbhyaqgbda
yfzbdyodbgfryd,byibzfrydbyovibuiigbodbobnahhbdabcnofzbyfhbaqgbsmaz
dyibryohdnx,bsfmi-cyommij,bln.gjim-qmickijbmofghpbOhbsambdyibmaas
yibvo.gdij,byibzfrydbyovibsa.gjb_dyod_bhy.ddfgrba.dbdyibhkxbfgbobgiq
qox--dabqfd,bsambivim,bsmazbdyibixihbasbdyibuajfihbfgdabqyfcybfdhbnioj
qohbsfmij,ba.dbasbdyibuomminhbasboby.gjmijbdya.hogjbz.hkidhp

“Ziogqyfni,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,b“Fbqfnnblmihimvibdyibyaga.mbogjbmilahi
asbdyibsozfnx,bfsbxa.bqfnnbgadpbU.dbxa.bz.hdbuibsodfr.ijpbHyonnbqi
dimzfgodiba.mbcagsimigcibsambdyibgfryd?”

“Obzazigdbzamip”

“Ogbya.m,bfsbxa.blniohip”

“Hfm,”bhofjbdyibgilyiq,b“qibyovibjagibqmagr,bogjbomibmiolfgrbdyibsm.fdh
asbqmagrp”

“_Qi_byovibjagibqmagr?”bmiliodijbdyibZomw.fh,bqfdybogbfgw.fmfgrbhzfni,
ogjbjinfcodinxblafgdfgr,bsfmhdbdabyfhbgilyiq,bdyigbdabyfzhinsp

“A.mbsozfnx;ba.mbyaga.mounibsozfnx,bqyahibyaga.mbfhbasbhabz.cybocca.gd
dabuadybasb.h,bfgbh.cybjfssimigdbqoxhpbIvigbfgbzxbsodyim'hbdfzi,bqibjfj
obqamnjbasbqmagr,bfg .mfgrbivimxby.zogbcmiod.mibqyabcozibuidqiigb.hbogj
a.mblnioh.mi,bqyodivimbfdbqohpbQyxbgiijbFbhliokbasbzxbsodyim'hbdfzi,
qyigbfdbfhbiw.onnxbxa.mh?bCogbFbhilomodibzxbsodyim'hbdqfg-umadyim,b afgd
fgyimfdam,bogjbgiedbh.ccihham,bsmazbyfzhins?”

“Jiodybyohbjagibdyod!”bhofjbdyibZomw.fhp

“Ogjbyohbnisdbzi,”boghqimijbdyibgilyiq,b“ua.gjbdabobhxhdizbdyodbfh
smfryds.nbdabzi,bmihlaghfunibsambfd,bu.dblaqimnihhbfgbfd;bhiikfgrbda
ieic.dibdyibnohdbmiw.ihdbasbzxbjiombzadyim'hbnflh,bogjbauixbdyibnohd
naakbasbzxbjiombzadyim'hbixih,bqyfcybfzlnamijbzibdabyovibzimcxbogjbda
mijmihh;bogjbdamd.mijbuxbhiikfgrbohhfhdogcibogjblaqimbfgbvofgp”

“Hiikfgrbdyizbsmazbzi,bzxbgilyiq,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,bda.cyfgrbyfzbagbdyi
umiohdbqfdybyfhbsamisfgrim--dyixbqimibgaqbhdogjfgrbuxbdyibyiomdy--“xa.
qfnnbsambivimbhiikbdyizbfgbvofg,buibohh.mijp”

Ivimxbsfgibhdmofrydbnfgibfgbdyibcniombqyfdigihhbasbyfhbsoci,bqoh
cm.innx,bcmosdfnx,bogjbcnahinxbcazlmihhij,bqyfnibyibhdaajbnaakfgr
w.fidnxbodbyfhbgilyiq,bqfdybyfhbhg.ss-uaebfgbyfhbyogjpbAgciborofgbyi
da.cyijbyfzbagbdyibumiohd,bohbdya.rybyfhbsfgrimbqimibdyibsfgiblafgdbas
obhzonnbhqamj,bqfdybqyfcy,bfgbjinfcodibsfgihhi,byibmogbyfzbdyma.rybdyi
uajx,bogjbhofj,

“Zxbsmfigj,bFbqfnnbjfi,blimlid.odfgrbdyibhxhdizb.gjimbqyfcybFbyovi
nfvijp”

Qyigbyibyojbhofjbfd,byibdaakbobc.nzfgodfgrblfgcybasbhg.ss,bogjbl.dbyfh
uaebfgbyfhblackidp

“Uiddimbdabuibobmodfagonbcmiod.mi,”byibojjijbdyig,bosdimbmfgrfgrbobhzonn
uinnbagbdyibdouni,b“ogjboccildbxa.mbgod.monbjihdfgxpbU.dbxa.bomibnahd,
Zaghfi.mbCyomnih,bFbhiip”

“DyfhblmalimdxbogjbSmogcibomibnahdbdabzi,”bhofjbdyibgilyiq,bhojnx;b“F
miga.gcibdyizp”

“Omibdyixbuadybxa.mhbdabmiga.gci?bSmogcibzoxbui,bu.dbfhbdyiblmalimdx?bFd
fhbhcomcinxbqamdybzigdfagfgr;bu.d,bfhbfdbxid?”

“Fbyojbgabfgdigdfag,bfgbdyibqamjhbFb.hij,bdabcnofzbfdbxidpbFsbfdblohhij
dabzibsmazbxa.,bda-zammaq--”

“QyfcybFbyovibdyibvogfdxbdabyalibfhbgadblmauounip”

“--ambdqigdxbxiomhbyigci--”

“Xa.bjabzibdaabz.cybyaga.m,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh;b“hdfnn,bFblmisimbdyod
h.llahfdfagp”

“--Fbqa.njbouogjagbfd,bogjbnfvibadyimqfhibogjbinhiqyimipbFdbfhbnfddnibda
minfgw.fhypbQyodbfhbfdbu.dbobqfnjimgihhbasbzfhimxbogjbm.fg!”

“Yoy!”bhofjbdyibZomw.fh,brnogcfgrbma.gjbdyibn.e.mfa.hbmaazp

“Dabdyibixibfdbfhbsofmbiga.ry,byimi;bu.dbhiigbfgbfdhbfgdirmfdx,
.gjimbdyibhkx,bogjbuxbdyibjoxnfryd,bfdbfhbobcm.zunfgrbdaqimbasbqohdi,
zfhzogorizigd,biedamdfag,bjiud,bzamdrori,ballmihhfag,by.grim,bgokijgihh,
ogjbh.ssimfgrp”

“Yoy!”bhofjbdyibZomw.fhborofg,bfgbobqinn-hodfhsfijbzoggimp

“Fsbfdbivimbuicazihbzfgi,bfdbhyonnbuibl.dbfgdabhazibyogjhbuiddim
w.onfsfijbdabsmiibfdbhnaqnxb(fsbh.cybobdyfgrbfhblahhfuni)bsmazbdyi
qifrydbdyodbjmorhbfdbjaqg,bhabdyodbdyibzfhimouniblialnibqyabcoggadbniovi
fdbogjbqyabyovibuiigbnagrbqm.grbdabdyibnohdblafgdbasbigj.mogci,bzox,bfg
ogadyimbrigimodfag,bh.ssimbnihh;bu.dbfdbfhbgadbsambzipbDyimibfhbobc.mhi
agbfd,bogjbagbonnbdyfhbnogjp”

“Ogjbxa.?”bhofjbdyib.gcnipb“Samrfvibzxbc.mfahfdx;bjabxa.,b.gjimbxa.mbgiq
lyfnahalyx,brmocfa.hnxbfgdigjbdabnfvi?”

“Fbz.hdbja,bdabnfvi,bqyodbadyimhbasbzxbca.gdmxzig,bivigbqfdybgaufnfdxbod
dyifmbuockh,bzoxbyovibdabjabhazibjox--qamkp”

“FgbIgrnogj,bsambieozlni?”

“XihpbDyibsozfnxbyaga.m,bhfm,bfhbhosibsmazbzibfgbdyfhbca.gdmxpbDyi
sozfnxbgozibcogbh.ssimbsmazbzibfgbgabadyim,bsambFbuiombfdbfgbgabadyimp”

Dyibmfgrfgrbasbdyibuinnbyojbco.hijbdyiboj afgfgrbuij-cyozuimbdabui
nfrydijpbFdbgaqbhyagibumfrydnx,bdyma.rybdyibjaambasbcazz.gfcodfagpbDyi
Zomw.fhbnaakijbdyodbqox,bogjbnfhdigijbsambdyibmidmiodfgrbhdilbasbyfh
vonidp

“Igrnogjbfhbvimxboddmocdfvibdabxa.,bhiifgrbyaqbfgjfssimigdnxbxa.byovi
lmahlimijbdyimi,”byibauhimvijbdyig,bd.mgfgrbyfhbconzbsocibdabyfhbgilyiq
qfdybobhzfnip

“Fbyovibonmiojxbhofj,bdyodbsambzxblmahlimfgrbdyimi,bFbozbhighfunibFbzox
uibfgjiudijbdabxa.,bhfmpbSambdyibmihd,bfdbfhbzxbMis.rip”

“Dyixbhox,bdyahibuaohds.nbIgrnfhy,bdyodbfdbfhbdyibMis.ribasbzogxpbXa.
kgaqbobcazlodmfadbqyabyohbsa.gjbobMis.ribdyimi?bObJacdam?”

“Xihp”

“Qfdybobjo.rydim?”

“Xihp”

“Xih,”bhofjbdyibZomw.fhpb“Xa.bomibsodfr.ijpbRaajbgfryd!”

Ohbyibuigdbyfhbyiojbfgbyfhbzahdbca.mdnxbzoggim,bdyimibqohbobhicmicx
fgbyfhbhzfnfgrbsoci,bogjbyibcagvixijbogbofmbasbzxhdimxbdabdyahibqamjh,
qyfcybhdm.ckbdyibixihbogjbiomhbasbyfhbgilyiqbsamcfunxpbOdbdyibhozi
dfzi,bdyibdyfgbhdmofrydbnfgihbasbdyibhiddfgrbasbdyibixih,bogjbdyibdyfg
hdmofrydbnflh,bogjbdyibzomkfgrhbfgbdyibgahi,bc.mvijbqfdybobhomcohzbdyod
naakijbyogjhazinxbjfouanfcp

“Xih,”bmiliodijbdyibZomw.fhpb“ObJacdambqfdybobjo.rydimpbXihpbHa
cazzigcihbdyibgiqblyfnahalyx!bXa.bomibsodfr.ijpbRaajbgfryd!”

Fdbqa.njbyovibuiigbasbohbz.cybovofnbdabfgdimmarodibogxbhdagibsoci
a.dhfjibdyibcyodio.bohbdabfgdimmarodibdyodbsocibasbyfhpbDyibgilyiq
naakijbodbyfz,bfgbvofg,bfgblohhfgrbagbdabdyibjaamp

“Raajbgfryd!”bhofjbdyib.gcnipb“Fbnaakbdabdyiblnioh.mibasbhiifgrbxa.
orofgbfgbdyibzamgfgrpbRaajbmilahi!bNfrydbZaghfi.mbzxbgilyiqbdabyfh
cyozuimbdyimi!--Ogjbu.mgbZaghfi.mbzxbgilyiqbfgbyfhbuij,bfsbxa.bqfnn,”byi
ojjijbdabyfzhins,buisamibyibmogrbyfhbnfddnibuinnborofg,bogjbh.zzagijbyfh
vonidbdabyfhbaqgbuijmaazp

Dyibvonidbcazibogjbragi,bZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbqonkijbdabogjbsmabfgbyfh
naahibcyozuim-maui,bdablmilomibyfzhinsbrigdnxbsambhniil,bdyodbyadbhdfnn
gfrydpbM.hdnfgrboua.dbdyibmaaz,byfhbhasdnx-hnfllimijbsiidbzokfgrbga
gafhibagbdyibsnaam,byibzavijbnfkibobmisfgijbdfrim:--naakijbnfkibhazi
igcyogdijbzomw.fhbasbdyibfzligfdigdnxbqfckijbhamd,bfgbhdamx,bqyahi
limfajfconbcyogribfgdabdfrimbsamzbqohbifdyimb .hdbrafgrbass,bamb .hd
cazfgrbagp

Yibzavijbsmazbigjbdabigjbasbyfhbvan.ld.a.hbuijmaaz,bnaakfgrborofgbodbdyi
hcmolhbasbdyibjox'hb a.mgixbdyodbcozib.gufjjigbfgdabyfhbzfgj;bdyibhnaq
dafnb.lbdyibyfnnbodbh.ghid,bdyibhiddfgrbh.g,bdyibjihcigd,bdyibzfnn,bdyi
lmfhagbagbdyibcmor,bdyibnfddnibvfnnoribfgbdyibyannaq,bdyibliohogdhbod
dyibsa.gdofg,bogjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqfdybyfhbun.ibcolblafgdfgrba.dbdyi
cyofgb.gjimbdyibcommforipbDyodbsa.gdofgbh.rrihdijbdyibLomfhbsa.gdofg,
dyibnfddnibu.gjnibnxfgrbagbdyibhdil,bdyibqazigbuigjfgrbavimbfd,bogjbdyi
donnbzogbqfdybyfhbomzhb.l,bcmxfgr,b“Jioj!”

“Fbozbcaanbgaq,”bhofjbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,b“ogjbzoxbrabdabuijp”

Ha,bniovfgrbagnxbagibnfrydbu.mgfgrbagbdyibnomribyiomdy,byibnidbyfhbdyfg
ro.tibc.mdofghbsonnboma.gjbyfz,bogjbyiomjbdyibgfrydbumiokbfdhbhfnigci
qfdybobnagrbhfrybohbyibcazlahijbyfzhinsbdabhniilp

Dyibhdagibsocihbagbdyiba.dimbqonnhbhdomijbunfgjnxbodbdyibunockbgfryd
sambdymiibyiovxbya.mh;bsambdymiibyiovxbya.mh,bdyibyamhihbfgbdyibhdounih
moddnijbodbdyifmbmockh,bdyibjarhbuomkij,bogjbdyibaqnbzojibobgafhibqfdy
vimxbnfddnibmihizunogcibfgbfdbdabdyibgafhibcagvigdfagonnxbohhfrgijbda
dyibaqnbuxbzig-laidhpbU.dbfdbfhbdyibauhdfgodibc.hdazbasbh.cybcmiod.mih
yomjnxbivimbdabhoxbqyodbfhbhidbjaqgbsambdyizp

Sambdymiibyiovxbya.mh,bdyibhdagibsocihbasbdyibcyodio.,bnfagbogjby.zog,
hdomijbunfgjnxbodbdyibgfrydpbJiojbjomkgihhbnoxbagbonnbdyibnogjhcoli,
jiojbjomkgihhbojjijbfdhbaqgby.hybdabdyiby.hyfgrbj.hdbagbonnbdyibmaojhp
Dyibu.mfon-lnocibyojbradbdabdyiblohhbdyodbfdhbnfddnibyiolhbasblaambrmohh
qimib.gjfhdfgr.fhyounibsmazbagibogadyim;bdyibsfr.mibagbdyibCmahhbzfryd
yovibcazibjaqg,bsambogxdyfgrbdyodbca.njbuibhiigbasbfdpbFgbdyibvfnnori,
doeimhbogjbdoeijbqimibsohdbohniilpbJmiozfgr,blimyolh,basbuogw.idh,boh
dyibhdomvijb.h.onnxbja,bogjbasbiohibogjbmihd,bohbdyibjmfvigbhnovibogj
dyibxakijbaebzox,bfdhbniogbfgyoufdogdhbhnildbha.gjnx,bogjbqimibsijbogj
smiijp

Dyibsa.gdofgbfgbdyibvfnnoribsnaqijb.ghiigbogjb.gyiomj,bogjbdyibsa.gdofg
odbdyibcyodio.bjmallijb.ghiigbogjb.gyiomj--uadybzindfgrboqox,bnfkibdyi
zfg.dihbdyodbqimibsonnfgrbsmazbdyibhlmfgrbasbDfzi--dyma.rybdymiibjomk
ya.mhpbDyig,bdyibrmixbqodimbasbuadybuirogbdabuibryahdnxbfgbdyibnfryd,
ogjbdyibixihbasbdyibhdagibsocihbasbdyibcyodio.bqimibaligijp

Nfrydimbogjbnfrydim,b.gdfnbodbnohdbdyibh.gbda.cyijbdyibdalhbasbdyibhdfnn
dmiih,bogjbla.mijbfdhbmojfogcibavimbdyibyfnnpbFgbdyibrnaq,bdyibqodim
asbdyibcyodio.bsa.gdofgbhiizijbdabd.mgbdabunaaj,bogjbdyibhdagibsocih
cmfzhagijpbDyibcomanbasbdyibufmjhbqohbna.jbogjbyfry,bogj,bagbdyi
qiodyim-uiodigbhfnnbasbdyibrmiodbqfgjaqbasbdyibuij-cyozuimbasbZaghfi.m
dyibZomw.fh,bagibnfddnibufmjbhogrbfdhbhqiidihdbhagrbqfdybonnbfdhbzfrydp
Odbdyfh,bdyibgiomihdbhdagibsocibhiizijbdabhdomibozotij,bogj,bqfdybalig
za.dybogjbjmallijb.gjim- oq,bnaakijboqi-hdmfckigp

Gaq,bdyibh.gbqohbs.nnb.l,bogjbzavizigdbuirogbfgbdyibvfnnoripbCohizigd
qfgjaqhbaligij,bcmotxbjaamhbqimib.guommij,bogjblialnibcozibsamdy
hyfvimfgr--cyfnnij,bohbxid,buxbdyibgiqbhqiidbofmpbDyigbuirogbdyibmominx
nfrydigijbdafnbasbdyibjoxbozagrbdyibvfnnoriblal.nodfagpbHazi,bdabdyi
sa.gdofg;bhazi,bdabdyibsfinjh;bzigbogjbqazigbyimi,bdabjfrbogjbjinvi;bzig
ogjbqazigbdyimi,bdabhiibdabdyiblaambnfvibhdack,bogjbniojbdyibuagxbcaqh
a.d,bdabh.cyblohd.mibohbca.njbuibsa.gjbuxbdyibmaojhfjipbFgbdyibcy.mcy
ogjbodbdyibCmahh,bobkgiinfgrbsfr.mibambdqa;boddigjogdbagbdyibnoddim
lmoximh,bdyibnijbcaq,bdmxfgrbsambobumioksohdbozagrbdyibqiijhbodbfdh
saadp

Dyibcyodio.boqakibnodim,bohbuicozibfdhbw.onfdx,bu.dboqakibrmoj.onnxbogj
h.minxpbSfmhd,bdyibnaginxbuaom-hliomhbogjbkgfvihbasbdyibcyohibyojbuiig
mijjigijbohbasbanj;bdyig,byojbrniozijbdmigcyogdbfgbdyibzamgfgrbh.ghyfgi;
gaq,bjaamhbogjbqfgjaqhbqimibdymaqgbalig,byamhihbfgbdyifmbhdounihbnaakij
ma.gjbavimbdyifmbhya.njimhbodbdyibnfrydbogjbsmihygihhbla.mfgrbfgbod
jaamqoxh,bniovihbhlomknijbogjbm.hdnijbodbfmag-rmodijbqfgjaqh,bjarh
l.nnijbyomjbodbdyifmbcyofgh,bogjbmiomijbfzlodfigdbdabuibnaahijp

Onnbdyihibdmfvfonbfgcfjigdhbuinagrijbdabdyibma.dfgibasbnfsi,bogjbdyi
mid.mgbasbzamgfgrpbH.minx,bgadbhabdyibmfgrfgrbasbdyibrmiodbuinnbasbdyi
cyodio.,bgambdyibm.ggfgrb.lbogjbjaqgbdyibhdofmh;bgambdyiby.mmfij
sfr.mihbagbdyibdimmoci;bgambdyibuaadfgrbogjbdmozlfgrbyimibogjbdyimibogj
ivimxqyimi,bgambdyibw.fckbhojjnfgrbasbyamhihbogjbmfjfgrboqox?

Qyodbqfgjhbcagvixijbdyfhby.mmxbdabdyibrmfttnijbzigjimbasbmaojh,bonmiojx
odbqamkbagbdyibyfnn-dalbuixagjbdyibvfnnori,bqfdybyfhbjox'hbjfggimb(gad
z.cybdabcommx)bnxfgrbfgbobu.gjnibdyodbfdbqohbqamdybgabcmaq'hbqyfnibda
lickbod,bagbobyiolbasbhdagih?bYojbdyibufmjh,bcommxfgrbhazibrmofghbasbfd
dabobjfhdogci,bjmallijbagibavimbyfzbohbdyixbhaqbcyogcibhiijh?bQyidyimbam
ga,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbmog,bagbdyibh.ndmxbzamgfgr,bohbfsbsambyfhbnfsi,
jaqgbdyibyfnn,bkgii-yfrybfgbj.hd,bogjbgivimbhdallijbdfnnbyibradbdabdyi
sa.gdofgp

Onnbdyiblialnibasbdyibvfnnoribqimibodbdyibsa.gdofg,bhdogjfgrboua.d
fgbdyifmbjilmihhijbzoggim,bogjbqyfhlimfgrbnaq,bu.dbhyaqfgrbgabadyim
izadfaghbdyogbrmfzbc.mfahfdxbogjbh.mlmfhipbDyibnijbcaqh,byohdfnxbuma.ryd
fgbogjbdidyimijbdabogxdyfgrbdyodbqa.njbyanjbdyiz,bqimibnaakfgrbhd.lfjnx
ag,bambnxfgrbjaqgbcyiqfgrbdyibc.jbasbgadyfgrblomdfc.nomnxbmiloxfgrbdyifm
dma.uni,bqyfcybdyixbyojblfckijb.lbfgbdyifmbfgdimm.ldijbho.gdimpbHazibas
dyiblialnibasbdyibcyodio.,bogjbhazibasbdyahibasbdyiblahdfgr-ya.hi,bogj
onnbdyibdoefgrbo.dyamfdfih,bqimibomzijbzamibambnihh,bogjbqimibcmaqjij
agbdyibadyimbhfjibasbdyibnfddnibhdmiidbfgbobl.mlahinihhbqox,bdyodbqoh
yfrynxbsmo.rydbqfdybgadyfgrpbOnmiojx,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbyojbligidmodij
fgdabdyibzfjhdbasbobrma.lbasbsfsdxblomdfc.nombsmfigjh,bogjbqohbhzfdfgr
yfzhinsbfgbdyibumiohdbqfdybyfhbun.ibcolpbQyodbjfjbonnbdyfhblamdigj,
ogjbqyodblamdigjijbdyibhqfsdbyafhdfgr-.lbasbZaghfi.mbRouinnibuiyfgj
obhimvogdbagbyamhiuock,bogjbdyibcagvixfgrboqoxbasbdyibhofjbRouinni
(ja.uni-nojigbdya.rybdyibyamhibqoh),bodbobronnal,bnfkibobgiqbvimhfagbas
dyibRimzogbuonnojbasbNiagamo?

Fdblamdigjijbdyodbdyimibqohbagibhdagibsocibdaabzogx,b.lbodbdyibcyodio.p

DyibRamragbyojbh.mvixijbdyibu.fnjfgrborofgbfgbdyibgfryd,bogjbyojbojjij
dyibagibhdagibsocibqogdfgr;bdyibhdagibsocibsambqyfcybfdbyojbqofdij
dyma.ryboua.dbdqaby.gjmijbxiomhp

FdbnoxbuockbagbdyiblfnnaqbasbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhpbFdbqohbnfkibobsfgi
zohk,bh.jjignxbhdomdnij,bzojibogrmx,bogjblidmfsfijpbJmfvigbyazibfgdabdyi
yiomdbasbdyibhdagibsfr.miboddocyijbdabfd,bqohbobkgfsipbMa.gjbfdhbyfnd
qohbobsmfnnbasblolim,bagbqyfcybqohbhcmoqnij:

“JmfvibyfzbsohdbdabyfhbdazupbDyfh,bsmazb ocw.ihp”




EpbDqabLmazfhih


Zamibzagdyh,bdabdyibg.zuimbasbdqinvi,byojbcazibogjbragi,bogjbZmpbCyomnih
JomgoxbqohbihdounfhyijbfgbIgrnogjbohbobyfryimbdiocyimbasbdyibSmigcy
nogr.oribqyabqohbcagvimhogdbqfdybSmigcybnfdimod.mipbFgbdyfhbori,byi
qa.njbyovibuiigbobLmasihham;bfgbdyodbori,byibqohbobD.dampbYibmiojbqfdy
xa.grbzigbqyabca.njbsfgjbogxbnifh.mibogjbfgdimihdbsambdyibhd.jxbasbo
nfvfgrbdagr.ibhlakigbonnbavimbdyibqamnj,bogjbyibc.ndfvodijbobdohdibsam
fdhbhdamihbasbkgaqnijribogjbsogcxpbYibca.njbqmfdibasbdyiz,buihfjih,bfg
ha.gjbIgrnfhy,bogjbmigjimbdyizbfgdabha.gjbIgrnfhypbH.cybzohdimhbqimibgad
odbdyodbdfzibiohfnxbsa.gj;bLmfgcihbdyodbyojbuiig,bogjbKfgrhbdyodbqimi
dabui,bqimibgadbxidbasbdyibDiocyimbcnohh,bogjbgabm.fgijbgaufnfdxbyoj
jmallijba.dbasbDinnhag'hbnijrimh,bdabd.mgbcaakhbogjbcomligdimhpbOhbo
d.dam,bqyahiboddofgzigdhbzojibdyibhd.jigd'hbqoxb.g.h.onnxblniohogdbogj
lmasfdouni,bogjbohbogbinirogdbdmoghnodambqyabuma.rydbhazidyfgrbdabyfh
qamkbuihfjihbzimibjfcdfagomxbkgaqnijri,bxa.grbZmpbJomgoxbhaagbuicozi
kgaqgbogjbigca.morijpbYibqohbqinnbocw.ofgdij,bzami-avim,bqfdybdyi
cfmc.zhdogcihbasbyfhbca.gdmx,bogjbdyahibqimibasbivim-rmaqfgrbfgdimihdp
Ha,bqfdybrmiodblimhivimogcibogjb.gdfmfgrbfgj.hdmx,byiblmahlimijp

FgbNagjag,byibyojbielicdijbgifdyimbdabqonkbagblovizigdhbasbranj,bgam
dabnfibagbuijhbasbmahih;bfsbyibyojbyojbogxbh.cybieondijbielicdodfag,byi
qa.njbgadbyoviblmahlimijpbYibyojbielicdijbnoua.m,bogjbyibsa.gjbfd,bogj
jfjbfdbogjbzojibdyibuihdbasbfdpbFgbdyfh,byfhblmahlimfdxbcaghfhdijp

ObcimdofgblamdfagbasbyfhbdfzibqohblohhijbodbCozumfjri,bqyimibyi
miojbqfdyb.gjimrmoj.odihbohbobhamdbasbdanimodijbhz.rrnimbqyabjmavibo
cagdmouogjbdmojibfgbI.maliogbnogr.orih,bfghdiojbasbcagvixfgrbRmiik
ogjbNodfgbdyma.rybdyibC.hdaz-ya.hipbDyibmihdbasbyfhbdfzibyiblohhijbfg
Nagjagp

Gaq,bsmazbdyibjoxhbqyigbfdbqohbonqoxhbh.zzimbfgbIjig,bdabdyihibjoxh
qyigbfdbfhbzahdnxbqfgdimbfgbsonnigbnodfd.jih,bdyibqamnjbasbobzogbyoh
fgvomfounxbragibagibqox--CyomnihbJomgox'hbqox--dyibqoxbasbdyibnavibasbo
qazogp

YibyojbnavijbN.cfibZogiddibsmazbdyibya.mbasbyfhbjogrimpbYibyojbgivim
yiomjbobha.gjbhabhqiidbogjbjiombohbdyibha.gjbasbyimbcazlohhfagodibvafci;
yibyojbgivimbhiigbobsocibhabdigjimnxbuio.dfs.n,bohbyimhbqyigbfdbqoh
cagsmagdijbqfdybyfhbaqgbagbdyibijribasbdyibrmovibdyodbyojbuiigbj.rbsam
yfzpbU.d,byibyojbgadbxidbhlakigbdabyimbagbdyibh.u icd;bdyibohhohhfgodfag
odbdyibjihimdijbcyodio.bsomboqoxbuixagjbdyibyiovfgrbqodimbogjbdyibnagr,
nagr,bj.hdxbmaojh--dyibhanfjbhdagibcyodio.bqyfcybyojbfdhinsbuicazibdyi
zimibzfhdbasbobjmioz--yojbuiigbjagibobxiom,bogjbyibyojbgivimbxid,buxbha
z.cybohbobhfgrnibhlakigbqamj,bjfhcnahijbdabyimbdyibhdodibasbyfhbyiomdp

Dyodbyibyojbyfhbmiohaghbsambdyfh,byibkgiqbs.nnbqinnpbFdbqohborofgbo
h.zzimbjoxbqyig,bnodinxbommfvijbfgbNagjagbsmazbyfhbcanniribacc.lodfag,
yibd.mgijbfgdabdyibw.fidbcamgimbfgbHaya,buigdbagbhiikfgrbogballamd.gfdx
asbaligfgrbyfhbzfgjbdabJacdambZogiddipbFdbqohbdyibcnahibasbdyibh.zzim
jox,bogjbyibkgiqbN.cfibdabuiba.dbqfdybZfhhbLmahhp

Yibsa.gjbdyibJacdambmiojfgrbfgbyfhbomz-cyofmbodbobqfgjaqpbDyibigimrx
qyfcybyojbodbagcibh.llamdijbyfzb.gjimbyfhbanjbh.ssimfgrhbogjborrmovodij
dyifmbhyomlgihh,byojbuiigbrmoj.onnxbmihdamijbdabyfzpbYibqohbgaqbo
vimxbigimridfcbzogbfgjiij,bqfdybrmiodbsfmzgihhbasbl.mlahi,bhdmigrdy
asbmihan.dfag,bogjbvfra.mbasbocdfagpbFgbyfhbmicavimijbigimrxbyibqoh
hazidfzihbobnfddnibsfds.nbogjbh.jjig,bohbyibyojbodbsfmhdbuiigbfgbdyi
ieimcfhibasbyfhbadyimbmicavimijbsoc.ndfih;bu.d,bdyfhbyojbgivimbuiig
smiw.igdnxbauhimvouni,bogjbyojbrmaqgbzamibogjbzamibmomip

Yibhd.jfijbz.cy,bhnildbnfddni,bh.hdofgijbobrmiodbjionbasbsodfr.ibqfdy
iohi,bogjbqohbiw.ounxbcyiims.npbDabyfz,bgaqbigdimijbCyomnihbJomgox,bod
hfrydbasbqyazbyibnofjbohfjibyfhbuaakbogjbyinjba.dbyfhbyogjp

“CyomnihbJomgox!bFbmi afcibdabhiibxa.pbQibyovibuiigbca.gdfgrbagbxa.m
mid.mgbdyihibdymiibambsa.mbjoxhblohdpbZmpbHdmxvimbogjbHxjgixbComdagbqimi
uadybyimibxihdimjox,bogjbuadybzojibxa.ba.dbdabuibzamibdyogbj.ip”

“Fbozbaunfrijbdabdyizbsambdyifmbfgdimihdbfgbdyibzoddim,”byiboghqimij,
obnfddnibcanjnxbohbdabdyiz,bdya.rybvimxbqomznxbohbdabdyibJacdampb“Zfhh
Zogiddi--”

“Fhbqinn,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bohbyibhdallijbhyamd,b“ogjbxa.mbmid.mgbqfnn
jinfrydb.hbonnpbHyibyohbragiba.dbagbhazibya.hiyanjbzoddimh,bu.dbqfnn
haagbuibyazip”

“JacdambZogiddi,bFbkgiqbhyibqohbsmazbyazipbFbdaakbdyiballamd.gfdxbasbyim
uifgrbsmazbyazi,bdabuirbdabhliokbdabxa.p”

Dyimibqohbobunogkbhfnigcip

“Xih?”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bqfdybivfjigdbcaghdmofgdpb“Umfgrbxa.mbcyofmbyimi,
ogjbhliokbagp”

Yibcazlnfijbohbdabdyibcyofm,bu.dbolliomijbdabsfgjbdyibhliokfgrbagbnihh
iohxp

“Fbyovibyojbdyibyollfgihh,bJacdambZogiddi,basbuifgrbhabfgdfzodibyimi,”
bhabyibodbnigrdybuirog,b“sambhazibxiombogjbobyons,bdyodbFbyalibdyibdalfc
agbqyfcybFbozboua.dbdabda.cybzoxbgad--”

YibqohbhdoxijbuxbdyibJacdam'hbl.ddfgrba.dbyfhbyogjbdabhdalbyfzpbQyigbyi
yojbkildbfdbhabobnfddnibqyfni,byibhofj,bjmoqfgrbfdbuock:

“FhbN.cfibdyibdalfc?”

“Hyibfhp”

“FdbfhbyomjbsambzibdabhliokbasbyimbodbogxbdfzipbFdbfhbvimxbyomjbsambzi
dabyiombyimbhlakigbasbfgbdyodbdagibasbxa.mh,bCyomnihbJomgoxp”

“Fdbfhbobdagibasbsimvigdbojzfmodfag,bdm.ibyazori,bogjbjiilbnavi,bJacdam
Zogiddi!”byibhofjbjisimigdfonnxp

Dyimibqohbogadyimbunogkbhfnigcibuisamibyimbsodyimbmi afgij:

“FbuinfivibfdpbFbjabxa.b .hdfci;bFbuinfivibfdp”

Yfhbcaghdmofgdbqohbhabzogfsihd,bogjbfdbqohbhabzogfsihd,bdaa,bdyodbfd
amfrfgodijbfgbogb.gqfnnfgrgihhbdabollmaocybdyibh.u icd,bdyodbCyomnih
Jomgoxbyihfdodijp

“HyonnbFbrabag,bhfm?”

Ogadyimbunogkp

“Xih,brabagp”

“Xa.bogdfcflodibqyodbFbqa.njbhox,bdya.rybxa.bcoggadbkgaqbyaqbiomgihdnx
Fbhoxbfd,byaqbiomgihdnxbFbsiinbfd,bqfdya.dbkgaqfgrbzxbhicmidbyiomd,bogj
dyibyalihbogjbsiomhbogjbogefidfihbqfdybqyfcybfdbyohbnagrbuiig
nojigpbJiombJacdambZogiddi,bFbnavibxa.mbjo.rydimbsagjnx,bjiomnx,
jfhfgdimihdijnx,bjivadijnxpbFsbivimbdyimibqimibnavibfgbdyibqamnj,bFbnavi
yimpbXa.byovibnavijbxa.mhins;bnidbxa.mbanjbnavibhliokbsambzi!”

DyibJacdambhodbqfdybyfhbsocibd.mgijboqox,bogjbyfhbixihbuigdbagbdyi
rma.gjpbOdbdyibnohdbqamjh,byibhdmidcyijba.dbyfhbyogjborofg,by.mmfijnx,
ogjbcmfij:

“Gadbdyod,bhfm!bNidbdyodbui!bFboj .mibxa.,bjabgadbmiconnbdyod!”

Yfhbcmxbqohbhabnfkibobcmxbasbocd.onblofg,bdyodbfdbmogrbfgbCyomnih
Jomgox'hbiomhbnagrbosdimbyibyojbciohijpbYibzadfagijbqfdybdyibyogjbyibyoj
iedigjij,bogjbfdbhiizijbdabuibogbollionbdabJomgoxbdablo.hipbDyibnoddim
habmicifvijbfd,bogjbmizofgijbhfnigdp

“Fbohkbxa.mblomjag,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bfgbobh.uj.ijbdagi,bosdimbhazi
zazigdhpb“Fbjabgadbja.udbxa.mbnavfgrbN.cfi;bxa.bzoxbuibhodfhsfijbasbfdp”

Yibd.mgijbdaqomjhbyfzbfgbyfhbcyofm,bu.dbjfjbgadbnaakbodbyfz,bam
mofhibyfhbixihpbYfhbcyfgbjmallijb.lagbyfhbyogj,bogjbyfhbqyfdibyofm
avimhyojaqijbyfhbsoci:

“Yovibxa.bhlakigbdabN.cfi?”

“Gap”

“Gambqmfddig?”

“Givimp”

“Fdbqa.njbuib.grigima.hbdabossicdbgadbdabkgaqbdyodbxa.mbhins-jigfonbfh
dabuibmisimmijbdabxa.mbcaghfjimodfagbsambyimbsodyimpbYimbsodyimbdyogkh
xa.p”

Yibassimijbyfhbyogj;bu.dbyfhbixihbjfjbgadbrabqfdybfdp

“Fbkgaq,”bhofjbJomgox,bmihlicds.nnx,b“yaqbcogbFbsofnbdabkgaq,bJacdam
Zogiddi,bFbqyabyovibhiigbxa.bdaridyimbsmazbjoxbdabjox,bdyodbuidqiig
xa.bogjbZfhhbZogiddibdyimibfhbogbossicdfagbhab.g.h.on,bhabda.cyfgr,bha
uinagrfgrbdabdyibcfmc.zhdogcihbfgbqyfcybfdbyohbuiigbg.md.mij,bdyodbfd
cogbyovibsiqblomonninh,bivigbfgbdyibdigjimgihhbuidqiigbobsodyimbogj
cyfnjpbFbkgaq,bJacdambZogiddi--yaqbcogbFbsofnbdabkgaq--dyod,bzfgrnij
qfdybdyibossicdfagbogjbj.dxbasbobjo.rydimbqyabyohbuicazibobqazog,bdyimi
fh,bfgbyimbyiomd,bdaqomjhbxa.,bonnbdyibnavibogjbminfogcibasbfgsogcx
fdhinspbFbkgaqbdyod,bohbfgbyimbcyfnjyaajbhyibyojbgablomigd,bhabhyibfh
gaqbjivadijbdabxa.bqfdybonnbdyibcaghdogcxbogjbsimva.mbasbyimblmihigd
xiomhbogjbcyomocdim,b.gfdijbdabdyibdm.hds.ngihhbogjboddocyzigdbasbdyi
iomnxbjoxhbfgbqyfcybxa.bqimibnahdbdabyimpbFbkgaqblimsicdnxbqinnbdyodbfs
xa.byojbuiigbmihdamijbdabyimbsmazbdyibqamnjbuixagjbdyfhbnfsi,bxa.bca.nj
yomjnxbuibfgvihdij,bfgbyimbhfryd,bqfdybobzamibhocmijbcyomocdimbdyogbdyod
fgbqyfcybxa.bomibonqoxhbqfdybyimpbFbkgaqbdyodbqyigbhyibfhbcnfgrfgrbda
xa.,bdyibyogjhbasbuoux,brfmn,bogjbqazog,bonnbfgbagi,bomibma.gjbxa.m
gickpbFbkgaqbdyodbfgbnavfgrbxa.bhyibhiihbogjbnavihbyimbzadyimbodbyim
aqgbori,bhiihbogjbnavihbxa.bodbzxbori,bnavihbyimbzadyimbumakig-yiomdij,
navihbxa.bdyma.rybxa.mbjmiojs.nbdmfonbogjbfgbxa.mbunihhijbmihdamodfagpbF
yovibkgaqgbdyfh,bgfrydbogjbjox,bhfgcibFbyovibkgaqgbxa.bfgbxa.mbyazip”

Yimbsodyimbhodbhfnigd,bqfdybyfhbsocibuigdbjaqgpbYfhbumiodyfgrbqohbo
nfddnibw.fckigij;bu.dbyibmilmihhijbonnbadyimbhfrghbasborfdodfagp

“JiombJacdambZogiddi,bonqoxhbkgaqfgrbdyfh,bonqoxhbhiifgrbyimbogjbxa.
qfdybdyfhbyonnaqijbnfrydboua.dbxa.,bFbyovibsamuamgi,bogjbsamuamgi,boh
nagrbohbfdbqohbfgbdyibgod.mibasbzogbdabjabfdpbFbyovibsind,bogjbjabivig
gaqbsiin,bdyodbdabumfgrbzxbnavi--ivigbzfgi--uidqiigbxa.,bfhbdabda.cy
xa.mbyfhdamxbqfdybhazidyfgrbgadbw.fdibhabraajbohbfdhinspbU.dbFbnavibyimp
YiovigbfhbzxbqfdgihhbdyodbFbnavibyim!”

“Fbuinfivibfd,”boghqimijbyimbsodyim,bza.mgs.nnxpb“Fbyovibdya.rydbha
uisamibgaqpbFbuinfivibfdp”

“U.d,bjabgadbuinfivi,”bhofjbJomgox,b.lagbqyahibiombdyibza.mgs.nbvafci
hdm.ckbqfdybobmilmaocys.nbha.gj,b“dyodbfsbzxbsamd.gibqimibhabcohdboh
dyod,buifgrbagibjoxbhabyollxbohbdabzokibyimbzxbqfsi,bFbz.hdbodbogxbdfzi
l.dbogxbhilomodfagbuidqiigbyimbogjbxa.,bFbca.njbambqa.njbumiodyibo
qamjbasbqyodbFbgaqbhoxpbUihfjihbdyodbFbhya.njbkgaqbfdbdabuibyalinihh,bF
hya.njbkgaqbfdbdabuibobuohigihhpbFsbFbyojbogxbh.cyblahhfufnfdx,bivigbod
obmizadibjfhdogcibasbxiomh,byomua.mijbfgbzxbdya.rydh,bogjbyfjjigbfgbzx
yiomd--fsbfdbivimbyojbuiigbdyimi--fsbfdbivimbca.njbuibdyimi--Fbca.njbgad
gaqbda.cybdyfhbyaga.mijbyogjp”

Yibnofjbyfhbaqgb.lagbfdbohbyibhlakip

“Ga,bjiombJacdambZogiddipbNfkibxa.,bobvan.gdomxbiefnibsmazbSmogci;bnfki
xa.,bjmfvigbsmazbfdbuxbfdhbjfhdmocdfagh,ballmihhfagh,bogjbzfhimfih;bnfki
xa.,bhdmfvfgrbdabnfviboqoxbsmazbfdbuxbzxbaqgbieimdfagh,bogjbdm.hdfgr
fgbobyollfimbs.d.mi;bFbnaakbagnxbdabhyomfgrbxa.mbsamd.gih,bhyomfgrbxa.m
nfsibogjbyazi,bogjbuifgrbsofdys.nbdabxa.bdabdyibjiodypbGadbdabjfvfji
qfdybN.cfibyimblmfvfniribohbxa.mbcyfnj,bcazlogfag,bogjbsmfigj;bu.dbda
cazibfgbofjbasbfd,bogjbufgjbyimbcnahimbdabxa.,bfsbh.cybobdyfgrbcogbuip”

Yfhbda.cybhdfnnbnfgrimijbagbyimbsodyim'hbyogjpbOghqimfgrbdyibda.cybsambo
zazigd,bu.dbgadbcanjnx,byimbsodyimbmihdijbyfhbyogjhb.lagbdyibomzhbas
yfhbcyofm,bogjbnaakijb.lbsambdyibsfmhdbdfzibhfgcibdyibuirfggfgrbasbdyi
cagsimigcipbObhdm.rrnibqohbivfjigdnxbfgbyfhbsoci;bobhdm.rrnibqfdybdyod
accohfagonbnaakbqyfcybyojbobdigjigcxbfgbfdbdabjomkbja.udbogjbjmiojp

“Xa.bhliokbhabsiinfgrnxbogjbhabzogs.nnx,bCyomnihbJomgox,bdyodbFbdyogk
xa.bqfdybonnbzxbyiomd,bogjbqfnnbaligbonnbzxbyiomd--ambgiomnxbhapbYovi
xa.bogxbmiohagbdabuinfivibdyodbN.cfibnavihbxa.?”

“GagipbOhbxid,bgagip”

“Fhbfdbdyibfzzijfodibau icdbasbdyfhbcagsfjigci,bdyodbxa.bzoxbodbagci
ohcimdofgbdyod,bqfdybzxbkgaqnijri?”

“GadbivigbhapbFbzfrydbgadbyovibdyibyalis.ngihhbdabjabfdbsambqiikh;bF
zfrydb(zfhdokigbambgadbzfhdokig)byovibdyodbyalis.ngihhbda-zammaqp”

“Jabxa.bhiikbogxbr.fjogcibsmazbzi?”

“Fbohkbgagi,bhfmpbU.dbFbyovibdya.rydbfdblahhfunibdyodbxa.bzfrydbyovibfd
fgbxa.mblaqim,bfsbxa.bhya.njbjiizbfdbmfryd,bdabrfvibzibhazip”

“Jabxa.bhiikbogxblmazfhibsmazbzi?”

“Fbjabhiikbdyodp”

“Qyodbfhbfd?”

“Fbqinnb.gjimhdogjbdyod,bqfdya.dbxa.,bFbca.njbyovibgabyalipbFbqinn
.gjimhdogjbdyod,bivigbfsbZfhhbZogiddibyinjbzibodbdyfhbzazigdbfgbyim
fggacigdbyiomd--jabgadbdyfgkbFbyovibdyiblmih.zldfagbdabohh.zibhabz.cy--F
ca.njbmidofgbgablnocibfgbfdborofghdbyimbnavibsambyimbsodyimp”

“Fsbdyodbuibha,bjabxa.bhiibqyod,bagbdyibadyimbyogj,bfhbfgvanvijbfgbfd?”

“Fb.gjimhdogjbiw.onnxbqinn,bdyodbobqamjbsmazbyimbsodyimbfgbogxbh.fdam'h
sova.m,bqa.njba.dqifrybyimhinsbogjbonnbdyibqamnjpbSambqyfcybmiohag,
JacdambZogiddi,”bhofjbJomgox,bzajihdnxbu.dbsfmznx,b“Fbqa.njbgadbohkbdyod
qamj,bdabhovibzxbnfsip”

“Fbozbh.mibasbfdpbCyomnihbJomgox,bzxhdimfihbomfhiba.dbasbcnahibnavi,boh
qinnbohba.dbasbqfjibjfvfhfag;bfgbdyibsamzimbcohi,bdyixbomibh.udnibogj
jinfcodi,bogjbjfssfc.ndbdabligidmodipbZxbjo.rydimbN.cfibfh,bfgbdyfhbagi
mihlicd,bh.cybobzxhdimxbdabzi;bFbcogbzokibgabr.ihhbodbdyibhdodibasbyim
yiomdp”

“ZoxbFbohk,bhfm,bfsbxa.bdyfgkbhyibfh--”bOhbyibyihfdodij,byimbsodyim
h.llnfijbdyibmihdp

“Fhbha.rydbuxbogxbadyimbh.fdam?”

“FdbfhbqyodbFbziogdbdabhoxp”

Yimbsodyimbcaghfjimijbobnfddnibuisamibyiboghqimij:

“Xa.byovibhiigbZmpbComdagbyimi,bxa.mhinspbZmpbHdmxvimbfhbyimibdaa,
accohfagonnxpbFsbfdbuibodbonn,bfdbcogbagnxbuibuxbagibasbdyihip”

“Ambuady,”bhofjbJomgoxp

“Fbyojbgadbdya.rydbasbuady;bFbhya.njbgadbdyfgkbifdyim,bnfkinxpbXa.bqogd
oblmazfhibsmazbzipbDinnbzibqyodbfdbfhp”

“Fdbfh,bdyodbfsbZfhhbZogiddibhya.njbumfgrbdabxa.bodbogxbdfzi,bagbyimbaqg
lomd,bh.cybobcagsfjigcibohbFbyovibvigd.mijbdabnoxbuisamibxa.,bxa.bqfnn
uiombdihdfzagxbdabqyodbFbyovibhofj,bogjbdabxa.mbuinfisbfgbfdpbFbyalibxa.
zoxbuibounibdabdyfgkbhabqinnbasbzi,bohbdab.mribgabfgsn.igciborofghd
zipbFbhoxbgadyfgrbzamibasbzxbhdokibfgbdyfh;bdyfhbfhbqyodbFbohkpbDyi
cagjfdfagbagbqyfcybFbohkbfd,bogjbqyfcybxa.byovibogb.gja.udijbmfrydbda
miw.fmi,bFbqfnnbauhimvibfzzijfodinxp”

“Fbrfvibdyiblmazfhi,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,b“qfdya.dbogxbcagjfdfagpbFbuinfivi
xa.mbau icdbdabui,bl.minxbogjbdm.dys.nnx,bohbxa.byovibhdodijbfdpbF
uinfivibxa.mbfgdigdfagbfhbdablimlid.odi,bogjbgadbdabqiokig,bdyibdfih
uidqiigbzibogjbzxbadyimbogjbsombjiomimbhinspbFsbhyibhya.njbivimbdinnbzi
dyodbxa.bomibihhigdfonbdabyimblimsicdbyollfgihh,bFbqfnnbrfvibyimbdabxa.p
Fsbdyimibqimi--CyomnihbJomgox,bfsbdyimibqimi--”

Dyibxa.grbzogbyojbdokigbyfhbyogjbrmodis.nnx;bdyifmbyogjhbqimib afgijboh
dyibJacdambhlaki:

“--ogxbsogcfih,bogxbmiohagh,bogxbollmiyighfagh,bogxdyfgrbqyodhaivim,
giqbambanj,borofghdbdyibzogbhyibmionnxbnavij--dyibjfmicdbmihlaghfufnfdx
dyimiasbgadbnxfgrbagbyfhbyioj--dyixbhya.njbonnbuibaunfdimodijbsambyim
hokipbHyibfhbivimxdyfgrbdabzi;bzamibdabzibdyogbh.ssimfgr,bzamibdabzi
dyogbqmagr,bzamibdabzi--Qinn!bDyfhbfhbfjnibdonkp”

Habhdmogribqohbdyibqoxbfgbqyfcybyibsojijbfgdabhfnigci,bogjbhabhdmogri
yfhbsfeijbnaakbqyigbyibyojbciohijbdabhliok,bdyodbJomgoxbsindbyfhbaqg
yogjbd.mgbcanjbfgbdyibyogjbdyodbhnaqnxbminiohijbogjbjmallijbfdp

“Xa.bhofjbhazidyfgrbdabzi,”bhofjbJacdambZogiddi,bumiokfgrbfgdabobhzfnip
“Qyodbqohbfdbxa.bhofjbdabzi?”

Yibqohbodbobnahhbyaqbdaboghqim,b.gdfnbyibmizizuimijbyovfgrbhlakigbasbo
cagjfdfagpbMinfivijbohbyfhbzfgjbmivimdijbdabdyod,byiboghqimij:

“Xa.mbcagsfjigcibfgbziba.rydbdabuibmid.mgijbqfdybs.nnbcagsfjigcibagbzx
lomdpbZxblmihigdbgozi,bdya.rybu.dbhnfrydnxbcyogrijbsmazbzxbzadyim'h,bfh
gad,bohbxa.bqfnnbmizizuim,bzxbaqgpbFbqfhybdabdinnbxa.bqyodbdyodbfh,bogj
qyxbFbozbfgbIgrnogjp”

“Hdal!”bhofjbdyibJacdambasbUio.vofhp

“Fbqfhybfd,bdyodbFbzoxbdyibuiddimbjihimvibxa.mbcagsfjigci,bogjbyovibga
hicmidbsmazbxa.p”

“Hdal!”

Sambogbfghdogd,bdyibJacdambivigbyojbyfhbdqabyogjhbodbyfhbiomh;bsam
ogadyimbfghdogd,bivigbyojbyfhbdqabyogjhbnofjbagbJomgox'hbnflhp

“DinnbzibqyigbFbohkbxa.,bgadbgaqpbFsbxa.mbh.fdbhya.njblmahlim,bfsbN.cfi
hya.njbnavibxa.,bxa.bhyonnbdinnbzibagbxa.mbzommforibzamgfgrpbJabxa.
lmazfhi?”

“Qfnnfgrnxp

“Rfvibzibxa.mbyogjpbHyibqfnnbuibyazibjfmicdnx,bogjbfdbfhbuiddimbhyi
hya.njbgadbhiib.hbdaridyimbda-gfrydpbRa!bRajbunihhbxa.!”

FdbqohbjomkbqyigbCyomnihbJomgoxbnisdbyfz,bogjbfdbqohbogbya.mbnodimbogj
jomkimbqyigbN.cfibcozibyazi;bhyiby.mmfijbfgdabdyibmaazbonagi--sam
ZfhhbLmahhbyojbragibhdmofrydb.l-hdofmh--ogjbqohbh.mlmfhijbdabsfgjbyfh
miojfgr-cyofmbizldxp

“Zxbsodyim!”bhyibconnijbdabyfzpb“Sodyimbjiom!”

Gadyfgrbqohbhofjbfgboghqim,bu.dbhyibyiomjbobnaqbyozzimfgrbha.gjbfgbyfh
uijmaazpbLohhfgrbnfrydnxbocmahhbdyibfgdimzijfodibmaaz,bhyibnaakijbfgbod
yfhbjaambogjbcozibm.ggfgrbuockbsmfrydigij,bcmxfgrbdabyimhins,bqfdybyim
unaajbonnbcyfnnij,b“QyodbhyonnbFbja!bQyodbhyonnbFbja!”

Yimb.gcimdofgdxbnohdijbu.dbobzazigd;bhyiby.mmfijbuock,bogjbdollijbod
yfhbjaam,bogjbhasdnxbconnijbdabyfzpbDyibgafhibciohijbodbdyibha.gjbas
yimbvafci,bogjbyiblmihigdnxbcoziba.dbdabyim,bogjbdyixbqonkijb.lbogjbjaqg
daridyimbsambobnagrbdfzip

Hyibcozibjaqgbsmazbyimbuij,bdabnaakbodbyfzbfgbyfhbhniilbdyodbgfrydpbYi
hnildbyiovfnx,bogjbyfhbdmoxbasbhyaizokfgrbdaanh,bogjbyfhbanjb.gsfgfhyij
qamk,bqimibonnbohb.h.onp




EFpbObCazlogfagbLfcd.mi


“Hxjgix,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,bagbdyodbhins-hozibgfryd,bambzamgfgr,bdabyfh
 ockon;b“zfebogadyimbuaqnbasbl.gcy;bFbyovibhazidyfgrbdabhoxbdabxa.p”

Hxjgixbyojbuiigbqamkfgrbja.unibdfjihbdyodbgfryd,bogjbdyibgfrydbuisami,
ogjbdyibgfrydbuisamibdyod,bogjbobraajbzogxbgfrydhbfgbh.ccihhfag,bzokfgr
obrmogjbcniomogcibozagrbZmpbHdmxvim'hblolimhbuisamibdyibhiddfgrbfg
asbdyibnagrbvocodfagpbDyibcniomogcibqohbissicdijbodbnohd;bdyibHdmxvim
ommiomhbqimibyogjhazinxbsidcyijb.l;bivimxdyfgrbqohbradbmfjbasb.gdfn
Gavizuimbhya.njbcazibqfdybfdhbsarhbodzahlyimfc,bogjbsarhbniron,bogj
umfgrbrmfhdbdabdyibzfnnborofgp

Hxjgixbqohbgagibdyibnfvinfimbogjbgagibdyibhauimimbsambhabz.cy
ollnfcodfagpbFdbyojbdokigbobjionbasbiedmobqid-daqinnfgrbdabl.nnbyfz
dyma.rybdyibgfryd;bobcammihlagjfgrnxbiedmobw.ogdfdxbasbqfgibyojblmicijij
dyibdaqinnfgr;bogjbyibqohbfgbobvimxbjozorijbcagjfdfag,bohbyibgaqbl.nnij
yfhbd.muogbassbogjbdymiqbfdbfgdabdyibuohfgbfgbqyfcybyibyojbhdiilijbfdbod
fgdimvonhbsambdyibnohdbhfebya.mhp

“Omibxa.bzfefgrbdyodbadyimbuaqnbasbl.gcy?”bhofjbHdmxvimbdyiblamdnx,bqfdy
yfhbyogjhbfgbyfhbqofhduogj,brnogcfgrbma.gjbsmazbdyibhasobqyimibyibnoxbag
yfhbuockp

“Fbozp”

“Gaq,bnaakbyimi!bFbozbrafgrbdabdinnbxa.bhazidyfgrbdyodbqfnnbmodyim
h.mlmfhibxa.,bogjbdyodblimyolhbqfnnbzokibxa.bdyfgkbzibgadbw.fdiboh
hymiqjbohbxa.b.h.onnxbjabdyfgkbzipbFbfgdigjbdabzommxp”

“_Ja_bxa.?”

“XihpbOgjbgadbsambzagixpbQyodbjabxa.bhoxbgaq?”

“Fbjag'dbsiinbjfhlahijbdabhoxbz.cypbQyabfhbhyi?”

“R.ihhp”

“JabFbkgaqbyim?”

“R.ihhp”

“Fbozbgadbrafgrbdabr.ihh,bodbsfviba'cnackbfgbdyibzamgfgr,bqfdybzxbumofgh
smxfgrbogjbhl.ddimfgrbfgbzxbyiojpbFsbxa.bqogdbzibdabr.ihh,bxa.bz.hdbohk
zibdabjfggimp”

“Qinnbdyig,bF'nnbdinnbxa.,”bhofjbHdmxvim,bcazfgrbhnaqnxbfgdabobhfddfgr
lahd.mipb“Hxjgix,bFbmodyimbjihlofmbasbzokfgrbzxhinsbfgdinnfrfunibdabxa.,
uico.hibxa.bomibh.cybogbfghighfunibjarp”

“Ogjbxa.,”bmid.mgijbHxjgix,bu.hxbcagcacdfgrbdyibl.gcy,b“omibh.cybo
highfdfvibogjblaidfconbhlfmfd--”

“Cazi!”bmi afgijbHdmxvim,bno.ryfgrbuaohds.nnx,b“dya.rybFbjag'dblmisim
ogxbcnofzbdabuifgrbdyibha.nbasbMazogcib(sambFbyalibFbkgaqbuiddim),bhdfnn
Fbozbobdigjimimbhamdbasbsinnaqbdyogb_xa._p”

“Xa.bomibobn.ckfim,bfsbxa.bziogbdyodp”

“Fbjag'dbziogbdyodpbFbziogbFbozbobzogbasbzami--zami--”

“Hoxbronnogdmx,bqyfnibxa.bomiboua.dbfd,”bh.rrihdijbComdagp

“Qinn!bF'nnbhoxbronnogdmxpbZxbziogfgrbfhbdyodbFbozbobzog,”bhofjbHdmxvim,
fgsnodfgrbyfzhinsbodbyfhbsmfigjbohbyibzojibdyibl.gcy,b“qyabcomihbzamibda
uibormiiouni,bqyabdokihbzamiblofghbdabuibormiiouni,bqyabkgaqhbuiddimbyaq
dabuibormiiouni,bfgbobqazog'hbhacfidx,bdyogbxa.bjap”

“Rabag,”bhofjbHxjgixbComdagp

“Ga;bu.dbuisamibFbrabag,”bhofjbHdmxvim,bhyokfgrbyfhbyiojbfgbyfhbu.nnxfgr
qox,b“F'nnbyovibdyfhba.dbqfdybxa.pbXa.'vibuiigbodbJacdambZogiddi'hbya.hi
ohbz.cybohbFbyovi,bambzamibdyogbFbyovipbQyx,bFbyovibuiigbohyozijbasbxa.m
zamahigihhbdyimi!bXa.mbzoggimhbyovibuiigbasbdyodbhfnigdbogjbh.nnigbogj
yogrjarbkfgj,bdyod,b.lagbzxbnfsibogjbha.n,bFbyovibuiigbohyozijbasbxa.,
Hxjgix!”

“Fdbhya.njbuibvimxbuigisfcfonbdabobzogbfgbxa.mblmocdfcibodbdyibuom,bda
uibohyozijbasbogxdyfgr,”bmid.mgijbHxjgix;b“xa.ba.rydbdabuibz.cybaunfrij
dabzip”

“Xa.bhyonnbgadbridbassbfgbdyodbqox,”bmi afgijbHdmxvim,bhya.njimfgrbdyi
mi afgjimbodbyfz;b“ga,bHxjgix,bfd'hbzxbj.dxbdabdinnbxa.--ogjbFbdinnbxa.
dabxa.mbsocibdabjabxa.braaj--dyodbxa.bomibobjivfnfhybfnn-cagjfdfagij
sinnaqbfgbdyodbhamdbasbhacfidxpbXa.bomibobjfhormiiounibsinnaqp”

Hxjgixbjmogkbobu.zlimbasbdyibl.gcybyibyojbzoji,bogjbno.ryijp

“Naakbodbzi!”bhofjbHdmxvim,bhw.omfgrbyfzhins;b“Fbyovibnihhbgiijbdabzoki
zxhinsbormiiounibdyogbxa.byovi,buifgrbzamibfgjiligjigdbfgbcfmc.zhdogcihp
QyxbjabFbjabfd?”

“Fbgivimbhoqbxa.bjabfdbxid,”bz.ddimijbComdagp

“Fbjabfdbuico.hibfd'hblanfdfc;bFbjabfdbagblmfgcflnipbOgjbnaakbodbzi!bF
ridbagp”

“Xa.bjag'dbridbagbqfdybxa.mbocca.gdbasbxa.mbzodmfzagfonbfgdigdfagh,”
boghqimijbComdag,bqfdybobcominihhbofm;b“Fbqfhybxa.bqa.njbkiilbdabdyodpbOh
dabzi--qfnnbxa.bgivimb.gjimhdogjbdyodbFbozbfgcammfrfuni?”

Yibohkijbdyibw.ihdfagbqfdybhazibolliomogcibasbhcamgp

“Xa.byovibgabu.hfgihhbdabuibfgcammfrfuni,”bqohbyfhbsmfigj'hboghqim,
jinfvimijbfgbgabvimxbhaadyfgrbdagip

“Fbyovibgabu.hfgihhbdabui,bodbonn,bdyodbFbkgaqbas,”bhofjbHxjgixbComdagp
“Qyabfhbdyibnojx?”

“Gaq,bjag'dbnidbzxbogga.gcizigdbasbdyibgozibzokibxa.b.gcazsamdouni,
Hxjgix,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,blmilomfgrbyfzbqfdybahdigdodfa.hbsmfigjnfgihh
sambdyibjfhcnah.mibyibqohboua.dbdabzoki,b“uico.hibFbkgaqbxa.bjag'dbziog
yonsbxa.bhox;bogjbfsbxa.bziogdbfdbonn,bfdbqa.njbuibasbgabfzlamdogcipbF
zokibdyfhbnfddniblmisoci,buico.hibxa.bagcibzigdfagijbdyibxa.grbnojxbda
zibfgbhnfrydfgrbdimzhp”

“Fbjfj?”

“Cimdofgnx;bogjbfgbdyihibcyozuimhp”

HxjgixbComdagbnaakijbodbyfhbl.gcybogjbnaakijbodbyfhbcazlnocigdbsmfigj;
jmogkbyfhbl.gcybogjbnaakijbodbyfhbcazlnocigdbsmfigjp

“Xa.bzojibzigdfagbasbdyibxa.grbnojxbohbobranjig-yofmijbjannpbDyibxa.gr
nojxbfhbZfhhbZogiddipbFsbxa.byojbuiigbobsinnaqbasbogxbhighfdfvigihhbam
jinfcocxbasbsiinfgrbfgbdyodbkfgjbasbqox,bHxjgix,bFbzfrydbyovibuiigbo
nfddnibmihigds.nbasbxa.mbizlnaxfgrbh.cybobjihfrgodfag;bu.dbxa.bomibgadp
Xa.bqogdbdyodbhighibondaridyim;bdyimisamibFbozbgabzamiboggaxijbqyigbF
dyfgkbasbdyibielmihhfag,bdyogbFbhya.njbuiboggaxijbuxbobzog'hbalfgfagbas
oblfcd.mibasbzfgi,bqyabyojbgabixibsamblfcd.mih:bambasboblficibasbz.hfc
asbzfgi,bqyabyojbgabiombsambz.hfcp”

HxjgixbComdagbjmogkbdyibl.gcybodbobrmiodbmodi;bjmogkbfdbuxbu.zlimh,
naakfgrbodbyfhbsmfigjp

“Gaqbxa.bkgaqbonnboua.dbfd,bHxj,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvimpb“Fbjag'dbcomiboua.d
samd.gi:bhyibfhbobcyomzfgrbcmiod.mi,bogjbFbyovibzojib.lbzxbzfgjbda
lniohibzxhins:bagbdyibqyani,bFbdyfgkbFbcogbossamjbdablniohibzxhinspbHyi
qfnnbyovibfgbzibobzogbonmiojxblmiddxbqinnbass,bogjbobmolfjnxbmfhfgrbzog,
ogjbobzogbasbhazibjfhdfgcdfag:bfdbfhboblficibasbraajbsamd.gibsambyim,
u.dbhyibfhbqamdyxbasbraajbsamd.gipbOmibxa.bohdagfhyij?”

Comdag,bhdfnnbjmfgkfgrbdyibl.gcy,bmi afgij,b“Qyxbhya.njbFbui
ohdagfhyij?”

“Xa.bollmavi?”

Comdag,bhdfnnbjmfgkfgrbdyibl.gcy,bmi afgij,b“Qyxbhya.njbFbgadbollmavi?”

“Qinn!”bhofjbyfhbsmfigjbHdmxvim,b“xa.bdokibfdbzamibiohfnxbdyogbFbsogcfij
xa.bqa.nj,bogjbomibnihhbzimcigomxbagbzxbuiyonsbdyogbFbdya.rydbxa.bqa.nj
ui;bdya.ry,bdabuibh.mi,bxa.bkgaqbqinnbiga.rybuxbdyfhbdfzibdyodbxa.m
ogcfigdbcy.zbfhbobzogbasboblmiddxbhdmagrbqfnnpbXih,bHxjgix,bFbyovibyoj
iga.rybasbdyfhbhdxnibasbnfsi,bqfdybgabadyimbohbobcyogribsmazbfd;bF
siinbdyodbfdbfhboblniohogdbdyfgrbsambobzogbdabyovibobyazibqyigbyibsiinh
fgcnfgijbdabrabdabfdb(qyigbyibjaihg'd,byibcogbhdoxboqox),bogjbFbsiin
dyodbZfhhbZogiddibqfnnbdinnbqinnbfgbogxbhdodfag,bogjbqfnnbonqoxhbjabzi
cmijfdpbHabFbyovibzojib.lbzxbzfgjpbOgjbgaq,bHxjgix,banjbuax,bFbqogdbda
hoxbobqamjbdab_xa._boua.db_xa.m_blmahlicdhpbXa.bomibfgbobuojbqox,bxa.
kgaq;bxa.bmionnxbomibfgbobuojbqoxpbXa.bjag'dbkgaqbdyibvon.ibasbzagix,
xa.bnfvibyomj,bxa.'nnbkgackb.lbagibasbdyihibjoxh,bogjbuibfnnbogjblaam;
xa.bmionnxba.rydbdabdyfgkboua.dbobg.mhip”

Dyiblmahlima.hblodmagoribqfdybqyfcybyibhofjbfd,bzojibyfzbnaakbdqfciboh
ufrbohbyibqoh,bogjbsa.mbdfzihbohbassighfvip

“Gaq,bnidbzibmicazzigjbxa.,”bl.mh.ijbHdmxvim,b“dabnaakbfdbfgbdyibsocip
Fbyovibnaakijbfdbfgbdyibsoci,bfgbzxbjfssimigdbqox;bnaakbfdbfgbdyibsoci,
xa.,bfgbxa.mbjfssimigdbqoxpbZommxpbLmavfjibhaziuajxbdabdokibcomibas
xa.pbGivimbzfgjbxa.mbyovfgrbgabig axzigdbasbqazig'hbhacfidx,bgam
.gjimhdogjfgrbasbfd,bgambdocdbsambfdpbSfgjba.dbhaziuajxpbSfgjba.dbhazi
mihlicdounibqazogbqfdybobnfddniblmalimdx--haziuajxbfgbdyibnogjnojxbqox,
ambnajrfgr-niddfgrbqox--ogjbzommxbyim,borofghdbobmofgxbjoxpbDyod'hbdyi
kfgjbasbdyfgrbsamb_xa._pbGaqbdyfgkbasbfd,bHxjgixp”

“F'nnbdyfgkbasbfd,”bhofjbHxjgixp




EFFpbDyibSinnaqbasbJinfcocx


ZmpbHdmxvimbyovfgrbzojib.lbyfhbzfgjbdabdyodbzorgogfza.hbuihdaqonbasbraaj
samd.gibagbdyibJacdam'hbjo.rydim,bmihanvijbdabzokibyimbyollfgihhbkgaqg
dabyimbuisamibyibnisdbdaqgbsambdyibNagrbVocodfagpbOsdimbhazibzigdon
jiuodfgrbasbdyiblafgd,byibcozibdabdyibcagcn.hfagbdyodbfdbqa.njbuiboh
qinnbdabridbonnbdyiblminfzfgomfihbjagibqfdy,bogjbdyixbca.njbdyigbommogri
odbdyifmbnifh.mibqyidyimbyibhya.njbrfvibyimbyfhbyogjbobqiikbambdqa
uisamibZfcyoinzohbDimz,bambfgbdyibnfddnibCymfhdzohbvocodfagbuidqiigbfd
ogjbYfnomxp

Ohbdabdyibhdmigrdybasbyfhbcohi,byibyojbgadbobja.udboua.dbfd,bu.dbcniomnx
hoqbyfhbqoxbdabdyibvimjfcdpbOmr.ijbqfdybdyib .mxbagbh.uhdogdfonbqamnjnx
rma.gjh--dyibagnxbrma.gjhbivimbqamdybdokfgrbfgdabocca.gd--fdbqohbo
lnofgbcohi,bogjbyojbgadbobqiokbhladbfgbfdpbYibconnijbyfzhinsbsambdyi
lnofgdfss,bdyimibqohbgabriddfgrbavimbyfhbivfjigci,bdyibca.ghinbsam
dyibjisigjogdbdymiqb.lbyfhbumfis,bogjbdyib .mxbjfjbgadbivigbd.mgbda
caghfjimpbOsdimbdmxfgrbfd,bHdmxvim,bCpb p,bqohbhodfhsfijbdyodbgablnofgim
cohibca.njbuip

Occamjfgrnx,bZmpbHdmxvimbfgo.r.modijbdyibNagrbVocodfagbqfdybobsamzon
lmalahonbdabdokibZfhhbZogiddibdabVo.eyonnbRomjigh;bdyodbsofnfgr,bda
Moginory;bdyodb.gocca.gdounxbsofnfgrbdaa,bfdbuiyavijbyfzbdablmihigd
yfzhinsbfgbHaya,bogjbdyimibjicnomibyfhbgaunibzfgjp

DaqomjhbHaya,bdyimisami,bZmpbHdmxvimbhya.njimijbyfhbqoxbsmazbdyibDizlni,
qyfnibdyibunaazbasbdyibNagrbVocodfag'hbfgsogcxbqohbhdfnnb.lagbfdp
Ogxuajxbqyabyojbhiigbyfzblma icdfgrbyfzhinsbfgdabHayabqyfnibyibqohbxid
agbHofgdbJ.ghdog'hbhfjibasbDizlnibUom,bu.mhdfgrbfgbyfhbs.nn-unaqgbqox
onagrbdyiblovizigd,bdabdyib ahdnizigdbasbonnbqiokimblialni,bzfrydbyovi
hiigbyaqbhosibogjbhdmagrbyibqohp

YfhbqoxbdokfgrbyfzblohdbDinnhag'h,bogjbyibuadybuogkfgrbodbDinnhag'hbogj
kgaqfgrbZmpbNammxbohbdyibfgdfzodibsmfigjbasbdyibZogiddih,bfdbigdimijbZmp
Hdmxvim'hbzfgjbdabigdimbdyibuogk,bogjbmivionbdabZmpbNammxbdyibumfrydgihh
asbdyibHayabyamftagpbHa,byibl.hyijbaligbdyibjaambqfdybdyibqiokbmoddni
fgbfdhbdymaod,bhd.zunijbjaqgbdyibdqabhdilh,bradblohdbdyibdqabogcfigd
cohyfimh,bogjbhya.njimijbyfzhinsbfgdabdyibz.hdxbuockbcnahidbqyimibZmp
Nammxbhodbodbrmiodbuaakhbm.nijbsambsfr.mih,bqfdyblimligjfc.nombfmag
uomhbdabyfhbqfgjaqbohbfsbdyodbqimibm.nijbsambsfr.mihbdaa,bogjbivimxdyfgr
.gjimbdyibcna.jhbqimibobh.zp

“Yonnao!”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvimpb“Yaqbjabxa.bja?bFbyalibxa.bomibqinn!”

FdbqohbHdmxvim'hbrmogjblic.nfomfdxbdyodbyibonqoxhbhiizijbdaabufrbsambogx
lnoci,bambhlocipbYibqohbhabz.cybdaabufrbsambDinnhag'h,bdyodbanjbcnimkh
fgbjfhdogdbcamgimhbnaakijb.lbqfdybnaakhbasbmizaghdmogci,bohbdya.rybyi
hw.iitijbdyizborofghdbdyibqonnpbDyibYa.hibfdhins,bzorgfsfcigdnxbmiojfgr
dyiblolimbw.fdibfgbdyibsom-assblimhlicdfvi,bnaqimijbjfhlniohij,bohbfs
dyibHdmxvimbyiojbyojbuiigbu.ddijbfgdabfdhbmihlaghfunibqofhdcaodp

DyibjfhcmiidbZmpbNammxbhofj,bfgbobhozlnibdagibasbdyibvafcibyibqa.nj
micazzigjb.gjimbdyibcfmc.zhdogcih,b“Yaqbjabxa.bja,bZmpbHdmxvim?bYaqbja
xa.bja,bhfm?”bogjbhyaakbyogjhpbDyimibqohboblic.nfomfdxbfgbyfhbzoggim
asbhyokfgrbyogjh,bonqoxhbdabuibhiigbfgbogxbcnimkbodbDinnhag'hbqyabhyaak
yogjhbqfdybobc.hdazimbqyigbdyibYa.hiblimvojijbdyibofmpbYibhyaakbfgbo
hins-ougirodfgrbqox,bohbagibqyabhyaakbsambDinnhagbogjbCap

“CogbFbjabogxdyfgrbsambxa.,bZmpbHdmxvim?”bohkijbZmpbNammx,bfgbyfh
u.hfgihhbcyomocdimp

“Qyx,bga,bdyogkbxa.;bdyfhbfhboblmfvodibvfhfdbdabxa.mhins,bZmpbNammx;bF
yovibcazibsamboblmfvodibqamjp”

“Aybfgjiij!”bhofjbZmpbNammx,buigjfgrbjaqgbyfhbiom,bqyfnibyfhbixibhdmoxij
dabdyibYa.hibosombassp

“Fbozbrafgr,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,bniogfgrbyfhbomzhbcagsfjigdfonnxbagbdyi
jihk:bqyimi.lag,bondya.rybfdbqohbobnomribja.unibagi,bdyimibolliomijbda
uibgadbyonsbjihkbiga.rybsambyfz:b“Fbozbrafgrbdabzokibogbassimbasbzxhins
fgbzommforibdabxa.mbormiiounibnfddnibsmfigj,bZfhhbZogiddi,bZmpbNammxp”

“Aybjiombzi!”bcmfijbZmpbNammx,bm.uufgrbyfhbcyfg,bogjbnaakfgrbodbyfh
vfhfdambj.ufa.hnxp

“Aybjiombzi,bhfm?”bmiliodijbHdmxvim,bjmoqfgrbuockpb“Aybjiombxa.,bhfm?
Qyodbzoxbxa.mbziogfgrbui,bZmpbNammx?”

“Zxbziogfgr,”boghqimijbdyibzogbasbu.hfgihh,b“fh,basbca.mhi,bsmfigjnxbogj
ollmicfodfvi,bogjbdyodbfdbjaihbxa.bdyibrmiodihdbcmijfd,bogj--fgbhyamd,
zxbziogfgrbfhbivimxdyfgrbxa.bca.njbjihfmipbU.d--mionnx,bxa.bkgaq,bZmp
Hdmxvim--”bZmpbNammxblo.hij,bogjbhyaakbyfhbyiojbodbyfzbfgbdyibajjihd
zoggim,bohbfsbyibqimibcazlinnijborofghdbyfhbqfnnbdabojj,bfgdimgonnx,
“xa.bkgaqbdyimibmionnxbfhbhabz.cybdaabz.cybasbxa.!”

“Qinn!”bhofjbHdmxvim,bhnollfgrbdyibjihkbqfdybyfhbcagdigdfa.hbyogj,
aligfgrbyfhbixihbqfjim,bogjbdokfgrbobnagrbumiody,b“fsbFb.gjimhdogjbxa.,
ZmpbNammx,bF'nnbuibyogrij!”

ZmpbNammxboj .hdijbyfhbnfddnibqfrbodbuadybiomhbohbobzioghbdaqomjhbdyod
igj,bogjbufdbdyibsiodyimbasbobligp

“J--gbfdbonn,bhfm!”bhofjbHdmxvim,bhdomfgrbodbyfz,b“ozbFbgadbinfrfuni?”

“Aybjiombxih!bXihpbAybxih,bxa.'mibinfrfuni!”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Fsbxa.bhox
infrfuni,bxa.bomibinfrfunip”

“OzbFbgadblmahlima.h?”bohkijbHdmxvimp

“Ay!bfsbxa.bcazibdablmahlima.h,bxa.bomiblmahlima.h,”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Ogjbojvogcfgr?”

“Fsbxa.bcazibdabojvogcfgrbxa.bkgaq,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bjinfrydijbdabui
ounibdabzokibogadyimbojzfhhfag,b“gauajxbcogbja.udbdyodp”

“Dyigbqyodbagbiomdybfhbxa.mbziogfgr,bZmpbNammx?”bjizogjijbHdmxvim,
limcildfunxbcmihdsonnigp

“Qinn!bF--Qimibxa.brafgrbdyimibgaq?”bohkijbZmpbNammxp

“Hdmofryd!”bhofjbHdmxvim,bqfdybobln.zlbasbyfhbsfhdbagbdyibjihkp

“DyigbFbdyfgkbFbqa.njg'd,bfsbFbqohbxa.p”

“Qyx?”bhofjbHdmxvimpb“Gaq,bF'nnbl.dbxa.bfgbobcamgim,”bsamighfconnx
hyokfgrbobsamisfgrimbodbyfzpb“Xa.bomibobzogbasbu.hfgihhbogjbua.gjbda
yovibobmiohagpbHdodibxa.mbmiohagpbQyxbqa.njg'dbxa.bra?”

“Uico.hi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“Fbqa.njg'dbrabagbh.cybogbau icdbqfdya.d
yovfgrbhazibco.hibdabuinfivibdyodbFbhya.njbh.cciijp”

“J--gb_zi_!”bcmfijbHdmxvim,b“u.dbdyfhbuiodhbivimxdyfgrp”

ZmpbNammxbrnogcijbodbdyibjfhdogdbYa.hi,bogjbrnogcijbodbdyibogrmx
Hdmxvimp

“Yimi'hbobzogbasbu.hfgihh--obzogbasbxiomh--obzogbasbielimfigci--_fg_
obUogk,”bhofjbHdmxvim;b“ogjbyovfgrbh.zzijb.lbdymiibniojfgrbmiohaghbsam
cazlnidibh.ccihh,byibhoxhbdyimi'hbgabmiohagbodbonn!bHoxhbfdbqfdybyfh
yiojbag!”bZmpbHdmxvimbmizomkijb.lagbdyiblic.nfomfdxbohbfsbfdbqa.njbyovi
uiigbfgsfgfdinxbnihhbmizomkounibfsbyibyojbhofjbfdbqfdybyfhbyiojbassp

“QyigbFbhliokbasbh.ccihh,bFbhliokbasbh.ccihhbqfdybdyibxa.grbnojx;bogj
qyigbFbhliokbasbco.hihbogjbmiohaghbdabzokibh.ccihhblmauouni,bFbhliokbas
co.hihbogjbmiohaghbdyodbqfnnbdinnbohbh.cybqfdybdyibxa.grbnojxpbDyibxa.gr
nojx,bzxbraajbhfm,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bzfnjnxbdollfgrbdyibHdmxvimbomz,b“dyi
xa.grbnojxpbDyibxa.grbnojxbraihbuisamibonnp”

“Dyigbxa.bziogbdabdinnbzi,bZmpbNammx,”bhofjbHdmxvim,bhw.omfgrbyfh
inuaqh,b“dyodbfdbfhbxa.mbjinfuimodibalfgfagbdyodbdyibxa.grbnojxbod
lmihigdbfgbw.ihdfagbfhbobzfgcfgrbSaan?”

“GadbieocdnxbhapbFbziogbdabdinnbxa.,bZmpbHdmxvim,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,
mijjigfgr,b“dyodbFbqfnnbyiombgabjfhmihlicds.nbqamjbasbdyodbxa.grbnojx
smazbogxbnflh;bogjbdyodbfsbFbkgiqbogxbzog--qyfcybFbyalibFbjabgad--qyahi
dohdibqohbhabcaomhi,bogjbqyahibdizlimbqohbhabavimuiomfgr,bdyodbyibca.nj
gadbmihdmofgbyfzhinsbsmazbhliokfgrbjfhmihlicds.nnxbasbdyodbxa.grbnojxbod
dyfhbjihk,bgadbivigbDinnhag'hbhya.njblmivigdbzxbrfvfgrbyfzboblficibasbzx
zfgjp”

Dyibgicihhfdxbasbuifgrbogrmxbfgbobh.llmihhijbdagibyojbl.dbZmpbHdmxvim'h
unaaj-vihhinhbfgdabobjogrima.hbhdodibqyigbfdbqohbyfhbd.mgbdabuibogrmx;
ZmpbNammx'hbvifgh,bzidyajfconbohbdyifmbca.mhihbca.njb.h.onnxbui,bqimibfg
gabuiddimbhdodibgaqbfdbqohbyfhbd.mgp

“DyodbfhbqyodbFbziogbdabdinnbxa.,bhfm,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Lmoxbnidbdyimi
uibgabzfhdokiboua.dbfdp”

ZmpbHdmxvimbh.ckijbdyibigjbasbobm.nimbsambobnfddnibqyfni,bogjbdyigbhdaaj
yfddfgrbobd.giba.dbasbyfhbdiidybqfdybfd,bqyfcyblmauounxbrovibyfzbdyi
daadyocyipbYibumakibdyiboqkqomjbhfnigcibuxbhoxfgr:

“Dyfhbfhbhazidyfgrbgiqbdabzi,bZmpbNammxpbXa.bjinfuimodinxbojvfhibzibgad
dabrab.lbdabHayabogjbassimbzxhins--_zx_hins,bHdmxvimbasbdyibKfgr'hbUigcy
uom?”

“Jabxa.bohkbzibsambzxbojvfci,bZmpbHdmxvim?”

“Xih,bFbjap”

“VimxbraajpbDyigbFbrfvibfd,bogjbxa.byovibmiliodijbfdbcammicdnxp”

“OgjbonnbFbcogbhoxbasbfdbfh,”bno.ryijbHdmxvimbqfdybobvieijbno.ry,b“dyod
dyfh--yo,byo!--uiodhbivimxdyfgrblohd,blmihigd,bogjbdabcazip”

“Gaqb.gjimhdogjbzi,”bl.mh.ijbZmpbNammxpb“Ohbobzogbasbu.hfgihh,bFboz
gadb .hdfsfijbfgbhoxfgrbogxdyfgrboua.dbdyfhbzoddim,bsam,bohbobzogbas
u.hfgihh,bFbkgaqbgadyfgrbasbfdpbU.d,bohbogbanjbsinnaq,bqyabyohbcommfij
ZfhhbZogiddibfgbyfhbomzh,bqyabfhbdyibdm.hdijbsmfigjbasbZfhhbZogiddibogj
asbyimbsodyimbdaa,bogjbqyabyohbobrmiodbossicdfagbsambdyizbuady,bFbyovi
hlakigpbDyibcagsfjigcibfhbgadbasbzxbhiikfgr,bmicannicdpbGaq,bxa.bdyfgkbF
zoxbgadbuibmfryd?”

“GadbF!”bhofjbHdmxvim,bqyfhdnfgrpb“Fbcog'db.gjimdokibdabsfgjbdyfmj
lomdfihbfgbcazzagbhighi;bFbcogbagnxbsfgjbfdbsambzxhinspbFbh.llahibhighi
fgbcimdofgbw.omdimh;bxa.bh.llahibzfgcfgrbumioj-ogj-u.ddimbgaghighipbFd'h
giqbdabzi,bu.dbxa.bomibmfryd,bFbjomibhoxp”

“QyodbFbh.llahi,bZmpbHdmxvim,bFbcnofzbdabcyomocdimfhibsambzxhins--Ogj
.gjimhdogjbzi,bhfm,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bw.fcknxbsn.hyfgrborofg,b“F
qfnnbgad--gadbivigbodbDinnhag'h--yovibfdbcyomocdimfhijbsambzibuxbogx
rigdnizogbumiodyfgrp”

“Dyimi!bFbuirbxa.mblomjag!”bhofjbHdmxvimp

“RmogdijpbDyogkbxa.pbQinn,bZmpbHdmxvim,bFbqohboua.dbdabhox:--fdbzfrydbui
lofgs.nbdabxa.bdabsfgjbxa.mhinsbzfhdokig,bfdbzfrydbuiblofgs.nbdabJacdam
Zogiddibdabyovibdyibdohkbasbuifgrbielnfcfdbqfdybxa.,bfdbzfrydbuibvimx
lofgs.nbdabZfhhbZogiddibdabyovibdyibdohkbasbuifgrbielnfcfdbqfdybxa.pbXa.
kgaqbdyibdimzhb.lagbqyfcybFbyovibdyibyaga.mbogjbyollfgihhbdabhdogjbqfdy
dyibsozfnxpbFsbxa.blniohi,bcazzfddfgrbxa.bfgbgabqox,bmilmihigdfgrbxa.
fgbgabqox,bFbqfnnb.gjimdokibdabcammicdbzxbojvfcibuxbdyibieimcfhibasbo
nfddnibgiqbauhimvodfagbogjb .jrzigdbielmihhnxbuma.rydbdabuiomb.lag
fdpbFsbxa.bhya.njbdyigbuibjfhhodfhsfijbqfdybfd,bxa.bcogbu.dbdihdbfdh
ha.gjgihhbsambxa.mhins;bfs,bagbdyibadyimbyogj,bxa.bhya.njbuibhodfhsfij
qfdybfd,bogjbfdbhya.njbuibqyodbfdbgaqbfh,bfdbzoxbhlomibonnbhfjihbqyodbfh
uihdbhlomijpbQyodbjabxa.bhox?”

“Yaqbnagrbqa.njbxa.bkiilbzibfgbdaqg?”

“Ay!bFdbfhbagnxbobw.ihdfagbasbobsiqbya.mhpbFbca.njbrabdabHayabfgbdyi
ivigfgr,bogjbcazibdabxa.mbcyozuimhbosdimqomjhp”

“DyigbFbhoxbxih,”bhofjbHdmxvim:b“Fbqag'dbrab.lbdyimibgaq,bFbozbgadbha
yadb.lagbfdbohbdyodbcazihbda;bFbhoxbxih,bogjbFbhyonnbielicdbxa.bdabnaak
fgbda-gfrydpbRaajbzamgfgrp”

DyigbZmpbHdmxvimbd.mgijbogjbu.mhdba.dbasbdyibUogk,bco.hfgrbh.cybo
cagc.hhfagbasbofmbagbyfhblohhoribdyma.ry,bdyodbdabhdogjb.lborofghdbfd
uaqfgrbuiyfgjbdyibdqabca.gdimh,bmiw.fmijbdyib.dzahdbmizofgfgrbhdmigrdy
asbdyibdqabogcfigdbcnimkhpbDyahibvigimounibogjbsiiuniblimhaghbqimi
onqoxhbhiigbuxbdyibl.unfcbfgbdyibocdbasbuaqfgr,bogjbqimiblal.nomnx
uinfivij,bqyigbdyixbyojbuaqijbobc.hdazimba.d,bhdfnnbdabkiilbagbuaqfgrbfg
dyibizldxbassfcib.gdfnbdyixbuaqijbogadyimbc.hdazimbfgp

Dyibuommfhdimbqohbkiigbiga.rybdabjfvfgibdyodbdyibuogkimbqa.njbgadbyovi
ragibhabsombfgbyfhbielmihhfagbasbalfgfagbagbogxbnihhbhanfjbrma.gjbdyog
zamonbcimdofgdxpb.glmilomijbohbyibqohbsambdyibnomriblfnnbyibyojbda
hqonnaq,byibradbfdbjaqgpb“Ogjbgaq,”bhofjbZmpbHdmxvim,bhyokfgrbyfh
samighfcbsamisfgrimbodbdyibDizlnibfgbrigimon,bqyigbfdbqohbjaqg,b“zxbqox
a.dbasbdyfh,bfh,bdabl.dbxa.bonnbfgbdyibqmagrp”

FdbqohbobufdbasbdyibomdbasbogbAnjbUofnixbdocdfcfog,bfgbqyfcybyibsa.gj
rmiodbminfispb“Xa.bhyonnbgadbl.dbzibfgbdyibqmagr,bxa.grbnojx,”bhofjbZmp
Hdmxvim;b“F'nnbjabdyodbsambxa.p”

Occamjfgrnx,bqyigbZmpbNammxbconnijbdyodbgfrydbohbnodibohbdigba'cnack,
ZmpbHdmxvim,bozagrbobw.ogdfdxbasbuaakhbogjblolimhbnfddimijba.dbsambdyi
l.mlahi,bhiizijbdabyovibgadyfgrbnihhbagbyfhbzfgjbdyogbdyibh.u icdbas
dyibzamgfgrpbYibivigbhyaqijbh.mlmfhibqyigbyibhoqbZmpbNammx,bogjbqoh
ondaridyimbfgbogbouhigdbogjblmiacc.lfijbhdodip

“Qinn!”bhofjbdyodbraaj-god.mijbizfhhomx,bosdimbobs.nnbyons-ya.mbas
uaadnihhboddizldhbdabumfgrbyfzbma.gjbdabdyibw.ihdfagpb“Fbyovibuiigbda
Hayap”

“DabHaya?”bmiliodijbZmpbHdmxvim,bcanjnxpb“Ay,bdabuibh.mi!bQyodbozbF
dyfgkfgrbas!”

“OgjbFbyovibgabja.ud,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“dyodbFbqohbmfrydbfgbdyi
cagvimhodfagbqibyojpbZxbalfgfagbfhbcagsfmzij,bogjbFbmifdimodibzx
ojvfcip”

“Fbohh.mibxa.,”bmid.mgijbZmpbHdmxvim,bfgbdyibsmfigjnfihdbqox,b“dyodbF
ozbhammxbsambfdbagbxa.mbocca.gd,bogjbhammxbsambfdbagbdyiblaambsodyim'h
occa.gdpbFbkgaqbdyfhbz.hdbonqoxhbuibobhamibh.u icdbqfdybdyibsozfnx;bnid
.hbhoxbgabzamiboua.dbfdp”

“Fbjag'db.gjimhdogjbxa.,”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Fbjomibhoxbgad,”bmi afgijbHdmxvim,bgajjfgrbyfhbyiojbfgbobhzaadyfgrbogj
sfgonbqox;b“gabzoddim,bgabzoddimp”

“U.dbfdbjaihbzoddim,”bZmpbNammxb.mrijp

“Gabfdbjaihg'd;bFbohh.mibxa.bfdbjaihg'dpbYovfgrbh.llahijbdyodbdyimibqoh
highibqyimibdyimibfhbgabhighi,bogjbobno.jounibozufdfagbqyimibdyimibfh
gadbobno.jounibozufdfag,bFbozbqinnba.dbasbzxbzfhdoki,bogjbgabyomzbfh
jagipbXa.grbqazigbyovibcazzfddijbhfzfnombsannfihbasdigbuisami,bogjbyovi
miligdijbdyizbfgblavimdxbogjbauhc.mfdxbasdigbuisamipbFgbogb.ghinsfhy
ohlicd,bFbozbhammxbdyodbdyibdyfgrbfhbjmallij,buico.hibfdbqa.njbyovibuiig
obuojbdyfgrbsambzibfgbobqamnjnxblafgdbasbvfiq;bfgbobhinsfhybohlicd,bFboz
rnojbdyodbdyibdyfgrbyohbjmallij,buico.hibfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbobuojbdyfgr
sambzibfgbobqamnjnxblafgdbasbvfiq--fdbfhbyomjnxbgicihhomxbdabhoxbFbca.nj
yovibrofgijbgadyfgrbuxbfdpbDyimibfhbgabyomzbodbonnbjagipbFbyovibgad
lmalahijbdabdyibxa.grbnojx,bogj,buidqiigba.mhinvih,bFbozbuxbgabziogh
cimdofg,bagbmisnicdfag,bdyodbFbivimbhya.njbyovibcazzfddijbzxhinsbda
dyodbiedigdpbZmpbNammx,bxa.bcoggadbcagdmanbdyibzfgcfgrbvogfdfihbogj
rfjjfgihhihbasbizldx-yiojijbrfmnh;bxa.bz.hdbgadbielicdbdabjabfd,bambxa.
qfnnbonqoxhbuibjfhollafgdijpbGaq,blmoxbhoxbgabzamiboua.dbfdpbFbdinnbxa.,
Fbmirmidbfdbagbocca.gdbasbadyimh,bu.dbFbozbhodfhsfijbagbzxbaqgbocca.gdp
OgjbFbozbmionnxbvimxbz.cybaunfrijbdabxa.bsambonnaqfgrbzibdabha.gjbxa.,
ogjbsambrfvfgrbzibxa.mbojvfci;bxa.bkgaqbdyibxa.grbnojxbuiddimbdyogbFbja;
xa.bqimibmfryd,bfdbgivimbqa.njbyovibjagip”

ZmpbNammxbqohbhabdokigbouock,bdyodbyibnaakijbw.fdibhd.lfjnxbodbZmp
Hdmxvimbhya.njimfgrbyfzbdaqomjhbdyibjaam,bqfdybogbolliomogcibas
hyaqimfgrbrigimahfdx,bsamuiomogci,bogjbraajqfnn,bagbyfhbimmfgrbyiojp
“Zokibdyibuihdbasbfd,bzxbjiombhfm,”bhofjbHdmxvim;b“hoxbgabzamiboua.dbfd;
dyogkbxa.borofgbsambonnaqfgrbzibdabha.gjbxa.;braajbgfryd!”

ZmpbNammxbqohba.dbfgbdyibgfryd,buisamibyibkgiqbqyimibyibqohpbZmpbHdmxvim
qohbnxfgrbuockbagbyfhbhaso,bqfgkfgrbodbyfhbcifnfgrp




EFFFpbDyibSinnaqbasbGabJinfcocx


FsbHxjgixbComdagbivimbhyagibogxqyimi,byibcimdofgnxbgivimbhyagibfgbdyi
ya.hibasbJacdambZogiddipbYibyojbuiigbdyimibasdig,bj.mfgrbobqyanibxiom,
ogjbyojbonqoxhbuiigbdyibhozibzaajxbogjbzamahibna.grimbdyimipbQyigbyi
comijbdabdonk,byibdonkijbqinn;bu.d,bdyibcna.jbasbcomfgrbsambgadyfgr,
qyfcybavimhyojaqijbyfzbqfdybh.cybobsodonbjomkgihh,bqohbvimxbmominx
lfimcijbuxbdyibnfrydbqfdyfgbyfzp

Ogjbxidbyibjfjbcomibhazidyfgrbsambdyibhdmiidhbdyodbigvfmagijbdyodbya.hi,
ogjbsambdyibhighinihhbhdagihbdyodbzojibdyifmblovizigdhpbZogxbobgfryd
yibvor.inxbogjb.gyollfnxbqogjimijbdyimi,bqyigbqfgibyojbuma.rydbga
dmoghfdamxbrnojgihhbdabyfz;bzogxbobjmiomxbjoxumiokbmivionijbyfhbhanfdomx
sfr.mibnfgrimfgrbdyimi,bogjbhdfnnbnfgrimfgrbdyimibqyigbdyibsfmhdbuiozh
asbdyibh.gbuma.rydbfgdabhdmagrbminfis,bmizavijbuio.dfihbasbomcyfdicd.mi
fgbhlfmihbasbcy.mcyihbogjbnasdxbu.fnjfgrh,bohblimyolhbdyibw.fidbdfzi
uma.rydbhazibhighibasbuiddimbdyfgrh,binhibsamraddigbogjb.goddofgouni,
fgdabyfhbzfgjpbAsbnodi,bdyibgirnicdijbuijbfgbdyibDizlnibCa.mdbyojbkgaqg
yfzbzamibhcogdfnxbdyogbivim;bogjbasdigbqyigbyibyojbdymaqgbyfzhinsb.lag
fdbgabnagrimbdyogbobsiqbzfg.dih,byibyojbradb.lborofg,bogjbyo.gdijbdyod
gifryua.myaajp

AgbobjoxbfgbO.r.hd,bqyigbZmpbHdmxvimb(osdimbgadfsxfgrbdabyfhb ockon
dyodb“yibyojbdya.rydbuiddimbasbdyodbzommxfgrbzoddim”)byojbcommfijbyfh
jinfcocxbfgdabJivaghyfmi,bogjbqyigbdyibhfrydbogjbhcigdbasbsnaqimhbfgbdyi
Cfdxbhdmiidhbyojbhazibqofshbasbraajgihhbfgbdyizbsambdyibqamhd,basbyiondy
sambdyibhfcknfihd,bogjbasbxa.dybsambdyibanjihd,bHxjgix'hbsiidbhdfnnbdmaj
dyahibhdagihpbSmazbuifgrbfmmihan.dibogjbl.mlahinihh,byfhbsiidbuicozi
ogfzodijbuxbogbfgdigdfag,bogj,bfgbdyibqamkfgrba.dbasbdyodbfgdigdfag,
dyixbdaakbyfzbdabdyibJacdam'hbjaamp

Yibqohbhyaqgb.l-hdofmh,bogjbsa.gjbN.cfibodbyimbqamk,bonagipbHyibyoj
givimbuiigbw.fdibodbyimbiohibqfdybyfz,bogjbmicifvijbyfzbqfdybhazibnfddni
izuommohhzigdbohbyibhiodijbyfzhinsbgiombyimbdounipbU.d,bnaakfgrb.lbod
yfhbsocibfgbdyibfgdimcyogribasbdyibsfmhdbsiqbcazzag-lnocih,bhyibauhimvij
obcyogribfgbfdp

“Fbsiombxa.bomibgadbqinn,bZmpbComdag!”

“GapbU.dbdyibnfsibFbnioj,bZfhhbZogiddi,bfhbgadbcagj.cfvibdabyiondypbQyod
fhbdabuibielicdijbas,bambux,bh.cyblmasnfrodih?”

“Fhbfdbgad--samrfvibzi;bFbyovibuir.gbdyibw.ihdfagbagbzxbnflh--oblfdxbda
nfvibgabuiddimbnfsi?”

“Rajbkgaqhbfdbfhbobhyozi!”

“Dyigbqyxbgadbcyogribfd?”

Naakfgrbrigdnxbodbyfzborofg,bhyibqohbh.mlmfhijbogjbhojjigijbdabhiibdyod
dyimibqimibdiomhbfgbyfhbixihpbDyimibqimibdiomhbfgbyfhbvafcibdaa,bohbyi
oghqimij:

“FdbfhbdaabnodibsambdyodpbFbhyonnbgivimbuibuiddimbdyogbFbozpbFbhyonn
hfgkbnaqim,bogjbuibqamhip”

Yibniogijbogbinuaqbagbyimbdouni,bogjbcavimijbyfhbixihbqfdybyfhbyogjpbDyi
dounibdmizunijbfgbdyibhfnigcibdyodbsannaqijp

Hyibyojbgivimbhiigbyfzbhasdigij,bogjbqohbz.cybjfhdmihhijpbYibkgiqbyimbda
uibha,bqfdya.dbnaakfgrbodbyim,bogjbhofj:

“Lmoxbsamrfvibzi,bZfhhbZogiddipbFbumiokbjaqgbuisamibdyibkgaqnijribas
qyodbFbqogdbdabhoxbdabxa.pbQfnnbxa.byiombzi?”

“Fsbfdbqfnnbjabxa.bogxbraaj,bZmpbComdag,bfsbfdbqa.njbzokibxa.byollfim,
fdbqa.njbzokibzibvimxbrnoj!”

“Rajbunihhbxa.bsambxa.mbhqiidbcazlohhfag!”

Yib.ghyojijbyfhbsocibosdimbobnfddnibqyfni,bogjbhlakibhdiojfnxp

“Jag'dbuibosmofjbdabyiombzipbJag'dbhymfgkbsmazbogxdyfgrbFbhoxpbFbozbnfki
agibqyabjfijbxa.grpbOnnbzxbnfsibzfrydbyovibuiigp”

“Ga,bZmpbComdagpbFbozbh.mibdyodbdyibuihdblomdbasbfdbzfrydbhdfnnbui;bFboz
h.mibdyodbxa.bzfrydbuibz.cy,bz.cybqamdyfimbasbxa.mhinsp”

“Hoxbasbxa.,bZfhhbZogiddi,bogjbondya.rybFbkgaqbuiddim--ondya.rybfgbdyi
zxhdimxbasbzxbaqgbqmidcyijbyiomdbFbkgaqbuiddim--Fbhyonnbgivimbsamrid
fd!”

HyibqohblonibogjbdmizunfgrpbYibcozibdabyimbminfisbqfdybobsfeijbjihlofm
asbyfzhinsbqyfcybzojibdyibfgdimvfiqb.gnfkibogxbadyimbdyodbca.njbyovi
uiigbyanjigp

“Fsbfdbyojbuiigblahhfuni,bZfhhbZogiddi,bdyodbxa.bca.njbyovibmid.mgijbdyi
navibasbdyibzogbxa.bhiibuisamibxa.mhins--sn.grboqox,bqohdij,bjm.gkig,
laambcmiod.mibasbzfh.hibohbxa.bkgaqbyfzbdabui--yibqa.njbyovibuiig
caghcfa.hbdyfhbjoxbogjbya.m,bfgbhlfdibasbyfhbyollfgihh,bdyodbyibqa.nj
umfgrbxa.bdabzfhimx,bumfgrbxa.bdabhammaqbogjbmiligdogci,bunfrydbxa.,
jfhrmocibxa.,bl.nnbxa.bjaqgbqfdybyfzpbFbkgaqbvimxbqinnbdyodbxa.bcogbyovi
gabdigjimgihhbsambzi;bFbohkbsambgagi;bFbozbivigbdyogks.nbdyodbfdbcoggad
uip”

“Qfdya.dbfd,bcogbFbgadbhovibxa.,bZmpbComdag?bCogbFbgadbmiconn
xa.--samrfvibziborofg!--dabobuiddimbca.mhi?bCogbFbfgbgabqoxbmiloxbxa.m
cagsfjigci?bFbkgaqbdyfhbfhbobcagsfjigci,”bhyibzajihdnxbhofj,bosdimbo
nfddnibyihfdodfag,bogjbfgbiomgihdbdiomh,b“Fbkgaqbxa.bqa.njbhoxbdyfhbda
gabagibinhipbCogbFbd.mgbfdbdabgabraajbocca.gdbsambxa.mhins,bZmpbComdag?”

Yibhyaakbyfhbyiojp

“DabgagipbGa,bZfhhbZogiddi,bdabgagipbFsbxa.bqfnnbyiombzibdyma.rybobvimx
nfddnibzami,bonnbxa.bcogbivimbjabsambzibfhbjagipbFbqfhybxa.bdabkgaqbdyod
xa.byovibuiigbdyibnohdbjmiozbasbzxbha.npbFgbzxbjirmojodfagbFbyovibgad
uiigbhabjirmojijbu.dbdyodbdyibhfrydbasbxa.bqfdybxa.mbsodyim,bogjbasbdyfh
yazibzojibh.cybobyazibuxbxa.,byohbhdfmmijbanjbhyojaqhbdyodbFbdya.rydbyoj
jfijba.dbasbzipbHfgcibFbkgiqbxa.,bFbyovibuiigbdma.unijbuxbobmizamhibdyod
Fbdya.rydbqa.njbgivimbmilmaocybziborofg,bogjbyovibyiomjbqyfhlimhbsmaz
anjbvafcihbfzlinnfgrbzib.lqomj,bdyodbFbdya.rydbqimibhfnigdbsambivimpbF
yovibyojb.gsamzijbfjiohbasbhdmfvfgrbosmihy,buirfggfgrbogiq,bhyokfgrbass
hnadybogjbhigh.onfdx,bogjbsfrydfgrba.dbdyibouogjagijbsfrydpbObjmioz,bonn
objmioz,bdyodbigjhbfgbgadyfgr,bogjbniovihbdyibhniilimbqyimibyibnoxbjaqg,
u.dbFbqfhybxa.bdabkgaqbdyodbxa.bfghlfmijbfdp”

“Qfnnbgadyfgrbasbfdbmizofg?bAbZmpbComdag,bdyfgkborofg!bDmxborofg!”

“Ga,bZfhhbZogiddi;bonnbdyma.rybfd,bFbyovibkgaqgbzxhinsbdabuibw.fdi
.gjihimvfgrpbOgjbxidbFbyovibyojbdyibqiokgihh,bogjbyovibhdfnnbdyi
qiokgihh,bdabqfhybxa.bdabkgaqbqfdybqyodbobh.jjigbzohdimxbxa.bkfgjnijbzi,
yiolbasbohyihbdyodbFboz,bfgdabsfmi--obsfmi,byaqivim,bfghilomounibfg
fdhbgod.mibsmazbzxhins,bw.fckigfgrbgadyfgr,bnfrydfgrbgadyfgr,bjafgrbga
himvfci,bfjnxbu.mgfgrboqoxp”

“Hfgcibfdbfhbzxbzfhsamd.gi,bZmpbComdag,bdabyovibzojibxa.bzamib.gyollx
dyogbxa.bqimibuisamibxa.bkgiqbzi--”

“Jag'dbhoxbdyod,bZfhhbZogiddi,bsambxa.bqa.njbyovibmicnofzijbzi,bfs
ogxdyfgrbca.njpbXa.bqfnnbgadbuibdyibco.hibasbzxbuicazfgrbqamhip”

“Hfgcibdyibhdodibasbxa.mbzfgjbdyodbxa.bjihcmfui,bfh,bodbonnbivigdh,
oddmfu.dounibdabhazibfgsn.igcibasbzfgi--dyfhbfhbqyodbFbziog,bfsbFbcog
zokibfdblnofg--cogbFb.hibgabfgsn.igcibdabhimvibxa.?bYovibFbgablaqimbsam
raaj,bqfdybxa.,bodbonn?”

“Dyib.dzahdbraajbdyodbFbozbcolounibasbgaq,bZfhhbZogiddi,bFbyovibcazi
yimibdabmionfhipbNidbzibcommxbdyma.rybdyibmihdbasbzxbzfhjfmicdijbnfsi,
dyibmizizumogcibdyodbFbaligijbzxbyiomdbdabxa.,bnohdbasbonnbdyibqamnj;
ogjbdyodbdyimibqohbhazidyfgrbnisdbfgbzibodbdyfhbdfzibqyfcybxa.bca.nj
jilnamibogjblfdxp”

“QyfcybFbigdmiodijbxa.bdabuinfivi,borofgbogjborofg,bzahdbsimvigdnx,bqfdy
onnbzxbyiomd,bqohbcolounibasbuiddimbdyfgrh,bZmpbComdag!”

“Igdmiodbzibdabuinfivibfdbgabzami,bZfhhbZogiddipbFbyoviblmavijbzxhins,
ogjbFbkgaqbuiddimpbFbjfhdmihhbxa.;bFbjmoqbsohdbdabogbigjpbQfnnbxa.bnid
zibuinfivi,bqyigbFbmiconnbdyfhbjox,bdyodbdyibnohdbcagsfjigcibasbzxbnfsi
qohbmilahijbfgbxa.mbl.mibogjbfggacigdbumiohd,bogjbdyodbfdbnfihbdyimi
onagi,bogjbqfnnbuibhyomijbuxbgabagi?”

“Fsbdyodbqfnnbuibobcaghanodfagbdabxa.,bxihp”

“Gadbivigbuxbdyibjiomihdbagibivimbdabuibkgaqgbdabxa.?”

“ZmpbComdag,”bhyiboghqimij,bosdimbogborfdodijblo.hi,b“dyibhicmidbfh
xa.mh,bgadbzfgi;bogjbFblmazfhibdabmihlicdbfdp”

“Dyogkbxa.pbOgjborofg,bRajbunihhbxa.p”

Yibl.dbyimbyogjbdabyfhbnflh,bogjbzavijbdaqomjhbdyibjaamp

“Uib.gjimbgabollmiyighfag,bZfhhbZogiddi,basbzxbivimbmih.zfgrbdyfh
cagvimhodfagbuxbhabz.cybohboblohhfgrbqamjpbFbqfnnbgivimbmisimbdabfd
orofgpbFsbFbqimibjioj,bdyodbca.njbgadbuibh.mimbdyogbfdbfhbyigcisamdypbFg
dyibya.mbasbzxbjiody,bFbhyonnbyanjbhocmijbdyibagibraajbmizizumogci--ogj
hyonnbdyogkbogjbunihhbxa.bsambfd--dyodbzxbnohdbovaqonbasbzxhinsbqohbzoji
dabxa.,bogjbdyodbzxbgozi,bogjbso.ndh,bogjbzfhimfihbqimibrigdnxbcommfij
fgbxa.mbyiomdpbZoxbfdbadyimqfhibuibnfrydbogjbyollx!”

Yibqohbhab.gnfkibqyodbyibyojbivimbhyaqgbyfzhinsbdabui,bogjbfdbqohbha
hojbdabdyfgkbyaqbz.cybyibyojbdymaqgboqox,bogjbyaqbz.cybyibivimxbjoxbkild
jaqgbogjblimvimdij,bdyodbN.cfibZogiddibqildbza.mgs.nnxbsambyfzbohbyi
hdaajbnaakfgrbuockbodbyimp

“Uibcazsamdij!”byibhofj,b“Fbozbgadbqamdybh.cybsiinfgr,bZfhhbZogiddipbOg
ya.mbambdqabyigci,bogjbdyibnaqbcazlogfaghbogjbnaqbyoufdhbdyodbFbhcamg
u.dbxfinjbda,bqfnnbmigjimbzibnihhbqamdybh.cybdiomhbohbdyahi,bdyogbogx
qmidcybqyabcmiilhbonagrbdyibhdmiidhpbUibcazsamdij!bU.d,bqfdyfgbzxhins,bF
hyonnbonqoxhbui,bdaqomjhbxa.,bqyodbFbozbgaq,bdya.ryba.dqomjnxbFbhyonnbui
qyodbxa.byovibyimidasamibhiigbzipbDyibnohdbh.llnfcodfagbu.dbagibFbzoki
dabxa.,bfh,bdyodbxa.bqfnnbuinfivibdyfhbasbzip”

“Fbqfnn,bZmpbComdagp”

“Zxbnohdbh.llnfcodfagbasbonn,bfhbdyfh;bogjbqfdybfd,bFbqfnnbminfivi
xa.basbobvfhfdambqfdybqyazbFbqinnbkgaqbxa.byovibgadyfgrbfgb.gfhag,bogj
uidqiigbqyazbogjbxa.bdyimibfhbogbfzlohhounibhlocipbFdbfhb.hinihhbdabhox
fd,bFbkgaq,bu.dbfdbmfhihba.dbasbzxbha.npbSambxa.,bogjbsambogxbjiombda
xa.,bFbqa.njbjabogxdyfgrpbFsbzxbcomiimbqimibasbdyodbuiddimbkfgjbdyod
dyimibqohbogxballamd.gfdxbambcolocfdxbasbhocmfsfcibfgbfd,bFbqa.nj
izumocibogxbhocmfsfcibsambxa.bogjbsambdyahibjiombdabxa.pbDmxbdabyanj
zibfgbxa.mbzfgj,bodbhazibw.fidbdfzih,bohbomjigdbogjbhfgcimibfgbdyfhbagi
dyfgrpbDyibdfzibqfnnbcazi,bdyibdfzibqfnnbgadbuibnagrbfgbcazfgr,bqyigbgiq
dfihbqfnnbuibsamzijboua.dbxa.--dfihbdyodbqfnnbufgjbxa.bxidbzamibdigjimnx
ogjbhdmagrnxbdabdyibyazibxa.bhabojamg--dyibjiomihdbdfihbdyodbqfnnbivim
rmocibogjbrnojjigbxa.pbAbZfhhbZogiddi,bqyigbdyibnfddniblfcd.mibasbo
yollxbsodyim'hbsocibnaakhb.lbfgbxa.mh,bqyigbxa.bhiibxa.mbaqgbumfryd
uio.dxbhlmfgrfgrb.lbogiqbodbxa.mbsiid,bdyfgkbgaqbogjbdyigbdyodbdyimibfh
obzogbqyabqa.njbrfvibyfhbnfsi,bdabkiilbobnfsibxa.bnavibuihfjibxa.!”

Yibhofj,b“Somiqinn!”bhofjbobnohdb“Rajbunihhbxa.!”bogjbnisdbyimp




EFVpbDyibYagihdbDmojihzog


DabdyibixihbasbZmpb imizfoybCm.gcyim,bhfddfgrbagbyfhbhdaanbfg
Sniid-hdmiidbqfdybyfhbrmfhnxb.mcyfgbuihfjibyfz,bobvohdbg.zuimbogj
vomfidxbasbau icdhbfgbzavizigdbqimibivimxbjoxblmihigdijpbQyabca.njbhfd
.lagbogxdyfgrbfgbSniid-hdmiidbj.mfgrbdyibu.hxbya.mhbasbdyibjox,bogj
gadbuibjotijbogjbjiosigijbuxbdqabfzzighiblmacihhfagh,bagibivimbdigjfgr
qihdqomjbqfdybdyibh.g,bdyibadyimbivimbdigjfgrbiohdqomjbsmazbdyibh.g,
uadybivimbdigjfgrbdabdyiblnofghbuixagjbdyibmogribasbmijbogjbl.mlnibqyimi
dyibh.gbraihbjaqg!

Qfdybyfhbhdmoqbfgbyfhbza.dy,bZmpbCm.gcyimbhodbqodcyfgrbdyibdqabhdmiozh,
nfkibdyibyiodyigbm.hdfcbqyabyohbsambhivimonbcigd.mfihbuiigbagbj.dx
qodcyfgrbagibhdmioz--hovfgrbdyodb immxbyojbgabielicdodfagbasbdyifmbivim
m.ggfgrbjmxpbGambqa.njbfdbyovibuiigbogbielicdodfagbasbobyalis.nbkfgj,
hfgcibobhzonnblomdbasbyfhbfgcazibqohbjimfvijbsmazbdyiblfnadoribasbdfzfj
qazigb(zahdnxbasbobs.nnbyoufdbogjblohdbdyibzfjjnibdimzbasbnfsi)bsmaz
Dinnhag'hbhfjibasbdyibdfjihbdabdyiballahfdibhyamipbUmfisbohbh.cy
cazlogfaghyflbqohbfgbivimxbhilomodibfghdogci,bZmpbCm.gcyimbgivimbsofnij
dabuicazibhabfgdimihdijbfgbdyibnojxbohbdabielmihhbobhdmagrbjihfmibda
yovibdyibyaga.mbasbjmfgkfgrbyimbvimxbraajbyiondypbOgjbfdbqohbsmaz
dyibrfsdhbuihdaqijb.lagbyfzbdaqomjhbdyibieic.dfagbasbdyfhbuigivanigd
l.mlahi,bdyodbyibmicm.fdijbyfhbsfgogcih,bohb .hdbgaqbauhimvijp

Dfzibqoh,bqyigboblaidbhodb.lagbobhdaanbfgbobl.unfcblnoci,bogjbz.hijbfg
dyibhfrydbasbzigpbZmpbCm.gcyim,bhfddfgrbagbobhdaanbfgbobl.unfcblnoci,
u.dbgadbuifgrboblaid,bz.hijbohbnfddnibohblahhfuni,bogjbnaakijboua.dbyfzp

Fdbsinnba.dbdyodbyibqohbdy.hbigrorijbfgbobhiohagbqyigbcmaqjhbqimi
siq,bogjbuinodijbqazigbsiq,bogjbqyigbyfhbossofmhbfgbrigimonbqimibha
.glmahlima.hbohbdaboqokigbobhdmagrbh.hlfcfagbfgbyfhbumiohdbdyodbZmhp
Cm.gcyimbz.hdbyovibuiigb“snallfgr”bfgbhaziblafgdijbzoggim,bqyigbog
.g.h.onbcagca.mhibla.mfgrbjaqgbSniid-hdmiidbqihdqomj,boddmocdijbyfh
oddigdfagpbNaakfgrbdyodbqox,bZmpbCm.gcyimbzojiba.dbdyodbhazibkfgjbas
s.gimonbqohbcazfgrbonagr,bogjbdyodbdyimibqohblal.nombau icdfagbdabdyfh
s.gimon,bqyfcybigrigjimijb.lmaomp

“Xa.grb immx,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bd.mgfgrbdabyfhbasshlmfgr,b“fd'hbo
u.mxfg'p”

“Yaamaom,bsodyim!”bcmfijbXa.grb immxp

Dyibxa.grbrigdnizogb.ddimijbdyfhbie.ndogdbha.gjbqfdybzxhdimfa.h
hfrgfsfcogcipbDyibinjimbrigdnizogbdaakbdyibcmxbhabfnn,bdyodbyibqodcyij
yfhballamd.gfdx,bogjbhzadibdyibxa.grbrigdnizogbagbdyibiomp

“Qyodbj'xibziog?bQyodbomibxa.byaamaomfgrbod?bQyodbjabxa.bqogdbdabcagqix
dabxa.mbaqgbsodyim,bxa.bxa.grbMfl?bDyfhbuaxbfhbobriddfgrbdaabzogxbsam
_zi_!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bh.mvixfgrbyfzpb“Yfzbogjbyfhbyaamaomh!bJag'd
nidbzibyiombgabzamibasbxa.,bambxa.bhyonnbsiinbhazibzamibasbzipbJ'xi
yiom?”

“Fbqomg'dbjafgrbgabyomz,”bXa.grb immxblmadihdij,bm.uufgrbyfhbcyiikp

“Jmalbfdbdyig,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim;b“Fbqag'dbyovibgagibasb_xa.m_bga
yomzhpbRidbobdalbasbdyodbdyimibhiod,bogjbnaakbodbdyibcmaqjp”

Yfhbhagbauixij,bogjbdyibcmaqjbollmaocyij;bdyixbqimibuoqnfgrbogjbyfhhfgr
ma.gjbobjfgrxbyiomhibogjbjfgrxbza.mgfgrbcaocy,bfgbqyfcybza.mgfgrbcaocy
dyimibqohbagnxbagibza.mgim,bjmihhijbfgbdyibjfgrxbdmollfgrhbdyodbqimi
caghfjimijbihhigdfonbdabdyibjfrgfdxbasbdyiblahfdfagpbDyiblahfdfag
olliomijbuxbgabzioghbdablniohibyfz,byaqivim,bqfdybogbfgcmiohfgrbmouuni
h.mma.gjfgrbdyibcaocy,bjimfjfgrbyfz,bzokfgrbrmfzocihbodbyfz,bogj
fgcihhogdnxbrmaogfgrbogjbconnfgrba.d:b“Xoy!bHlfih!bDhd!bXoyo!bHlfih!”
bqfdybzogxbcazlnfzigdhbdaabg.zima.hbogjbsamcfunibdabmiliodp

S.gimonhbyojbodbonnbdfzihbobmizomkouniboddmocdfagbsambZmpbCm.gcyim;byi
onqoxhblmfckijb.lbyfhbhighih,bogjbuicozibiecfdij,bqyigbobs.gimonblohhij
Dinnhag'hpbGod.monnx,bdyimisami,bobs.gimonbqfdybdyfhb.gcazzagboddigjogci
iecfdijbyfzbrmiodnx,bogjbyibohkijbasbdyibsfmhdbzogbqyabmogborofghdbyfz:

“Qyodbfhbfd,bumadyim?bQyod'hbfdboua.d?”

“_F_bjag'dbkgaq,”bhofjbdyibzogpb“Hlfih!bXoyo!bDhd!bHlfih!”

Yibohkijbogadyimbzogpb“Qyabfhbfd?”

“_F_bjag'dbkgaq,”bmid.mgijbdyibzog,bcnollfgrbyfhbyogjhbdabyfhbza.dy
givimdyinihh,bogjbvacfsimodfgrbfgbobh.mlmfhfgrbyiodbogjbqfdybdyi
rmiodihdbomja.m,b“Hlfih!bXoyo!bDhd,bdhd!bHlf--fih!”

Odbnigrdy,boblimhagbuiddimbfgsamzijbagbdyibzimfdhbasbdyibcohi,bd.zunij
orofghdbyfz,bogjbsmazbdyfhblimhagbyibniomgijbdyodbdyibs.gimonbqohbdyi
s.gimonbasbagibMarimbCnxp

“Qohbyibobhlx?”bohkijbZmpbCm.gcyimp

“AnjbUofnixbhlx,”bmid.mgijbyfhbfgsamzogdpb“Xoyo!bDhd!bXoy!bAnjbUofnix
Hlf--f--fih!”

“Qyx,bdabuibh.mi!”biecnofzijb immx,bmiconnfgrbdyibDmfonbodbqyfcybyibyoj
ohhfhdijpb“F'vibhiigbyfzpbJioj,bfhbyi?”

“Jiojbohbz.ddag,”bmid.mgijbdyibadyim,b“ogjbcog'dbuibdaabjiojpbYovib'iz
a.d,bdyimi!bHlfih!bL.nnb'izba.d,bdyimi!bHlfih!”

Dyibfjiobqohbhaboccildounibfgbdyiblmivonigdbouhigcibasbogxbfjio,
dyodbdyibcmaqjbco.rydbfdb.lbqfdybiorimgihh,bogjbna.jnxbmiliodfgrbdyi
h.rrihdfagbdabyovib'izba.d,bogjbdabl.nnb'izba.d,bzauuijbdyibdqabviyfcnih
habcnahinxbdyodbdyixbcozibdabobhdalpbAgbdyibcmaqj'hbaligfgrbdyibcaocy
jaamh,bdyibagibza.mgimbhc.ssnijba.dbuxbyfzhinsbogjbqohbfgbdyifmbyogjh
sambobzazigd;bu.dbyibqohbhabonimd,bogjbzojibh.cybraajb.hibasbyfhbdfzi,
dyodbfgbogadyimbzazigdbyibqohbhca.mfgrboqoxb.lbobuxi-hdmiid,bosdim
hyijjfgrbyfhbcnaok,byod,bnagrbyoduogj,bqyfdiblackid-yogjkimcyfis,bogj
adyimbhxzuanfconbdiomhp

Dyihi,bdyiblialnibdamibdablficihbogjbhcoddimijbsombogjbqfjibqfdybrmiod
ig axzigd,bqyfnibdyibdmojihzigby.mmfijnxbhy.db.lbdyifmbhyalh;bsambo
cmaqjbfgbdyahibdfzihbhdallijbodbgadyfgr,bogjbqohbobzaghdimbz.cybjmiojijp
Dyixbyojbonmiojxbradbdyibnigrdybasbaligfgrbdyibyiomhibdabdokibdyibcassfg
a.d,bqyigbhazibumfrydimbrigf.hblmalahijbfghdioj,bfdhbuifgrbihcamdijbda
fdhbjihdfgodfagbozfjhdbrigimonbmi afcfgrpbLmocdfconbh.rrihdfaghbuifgr
z.cybgiijij,bdyfhbh.rrihdfag,bdaa,bqohbmicifvijbqfdyboccnozodfag,bogj
dyibcaocybqohbfzzijfodinxbsfnnijbqfdybifrydbfghfjibogjbobjatigba.d,
qyfnibohbzogxblialnibradbagbdyibmaasbasbdyibyiomhibohbca.njbuxbogx
ieimcfhibasbfgrig.fdxbhdfckb.lagbfdpbOzagrbdyibsfmhdbasbdyihibvan.gdiimh
qohb immxbCm.gcyimbyfzhins,bqyabzajihdnxbcagcionijbyfhbhlfkxbyiojbsmaz
dyibauhimvodfagbasbDinnhag'h,bfgbdyibs.mdyimbcamgimbasbdyibza.mgfgr
caocyp

Dyibassfcfodfgrb.gjimdokimhbzojibhaziblmadihdborofghdbdyihibcyogrihbfg
dyibcimizagfih;bu.d,bdyibmfvimbuifgrbonomzfgrnxbgiom,bogjbhivimonbvafcih
mizomkfgrbagbdyibissfcocxbasbcanjbfzzimhfagbfgbumfgrfgrbmismocdamx
zizuimhbasbdyiblmasihhfagbdabmiohag,bdyiblmadihdbqohbsofgdbogjbumfisp
Dyibmizajinnijblmacihhfagbhdomdij,bqfdybobcyfzgix-hqiilbjmfvfgrbdyi
yiomhi--ojvfhijbuxbdyibmir.nombjmfvim,bqyabqohblimcyijbuihfjibyfz,b.gjim
cnahibfghlicdfag,bsambdyibl.mlahi--ogjbqfdyboblfizog,bonhaboddigjij
uxbyfhbcoufgidbzfgfhdim,bjmfvfgrbdyibza.mgfgrbcaocypbObuiom-niojim,bo
lal.nombhdmiidbcyomocdimbasbdyibdfzi,bqohbfzlmihhijbohbogbojjfdfagon
amgozigd,buisamibdyibcovoncojibyojbragibsombjaqgbdyibHdmogj;bogjbyfh
uiom,bqyabqohbunockbogjbvimxbzogrx,brovibw.fdibogb.gjimdokfgrbofmbda
dyodblomdbasbdyiblmacihhfagbfgbqyfcybyibqonkijp

Dy.h,bqfdybuiim-jmfgkfgr,blfli-hzakfgr,bhagr-maomfgr,bogjbfgsfgfdi
comfcod.mfgrbasbqai,bdyibjfhamjimnxblmacihhfagbqigdbfdhbqox,bmicm.fdfgr
odbivimxbhdil,bogjbonnbdyibhyalhbhy.ddfgrb.lbuisamibfdpbFdhbjihdfgodfag
qohbdyibanjbcy.mcybasbHofgdbLogcmoh,bsombassbfgbdyibsfinjhpbFdbradbdyimi
fgbca.mhibasbdfzi;bfghfhdijbagbla.mfgrbfgdabdyibu.mfon-rma.gj;bsfgonnx,
occazlnfhyijbdyibfgdimzigdbasbdyibjiciohijbMarimbCnxbfgbfdhbaqgbqox,bogj
yfrynxbdabfdhbaqgbhodfhsocdfagp

Dyibjiojbzogbjfhlahijbas,bogjbdyibcmaqjbuifgrb.gjimbdyibgicihhfdxbas
lmavfjfgrbhazibadyimbigdimdofgzigdbsambfdhins,bogadyimbumfrydim
rigf.hb(amblimyolhbdyibhozi)bcagcifvijbdyiby.za.mbasbfzliocyfgrbcoh.on
lohhimh-ux,bohbAnjbUofnixbhlfih,bogjbqmiokfgrbvigriogcibagbdyizpbCyohi
qohbrfvigbdabhazibhcamihbasbfgassighfviblimhaghbqyabyojbgivimbuiigbgiom
dyibAnjbUofnixbfgbdyifmbnfvih,bfgbdyibmionfhodfagbasbdyfhbsogcx,bogj
dyixbqimibma.rynxby.hdnijbogjbzondmiodijpbDyibdmoghfdfagbdabdyibhlamdbas
qfgjaq-umiokfgr,bogjbdyigcibdabdyibln.gjimfgrbasbl.unfc-ya.hih,bqohbiohx
ogjbgod.monpbOdbnohd,bosdimbhivimonbya.mh,bqyigbh.gjmxbh.zzim-ya.hihbyoj
uiigbl.nnijbjaqg,bogjbhazibomio-mofnfgrhbyojbuiigbdamgb.l,bdabomz
dyibzamibuinnfrimigdbhlfmfdh,bobm.za.mbradboua.dbdyodbdyibR.omjhbqimi
cazfgrpbUisamibdyfhbm.za.m,bdyibcmaqjbrmoj.onnxbzindijboqox,bogjblimyolh
dyibR.omjhbcozi,bogjblimyolhbdyixbgivimbcozi,bogjbdyfhbqohbdyib.h.on
lmarmihhbasbobzaup

ZmpbCm.gcyimbjfjbgadbohhfhdbodbdyibcnahfgrbhlamdh,bu.dbyojbmizofgij
uiyfgjbfgbdyibcy.mcyxomj,bdabcagsimbogjbcagjanibqfdybdyib.gjimdokimhp
Dyiblnocibyojbobhaadyfgrbfgsn.igcibagbyfzpbYiblmac.mijboblflibsmazbo
gifryua.mfgrbl.unfc-ya.hi,bogjbhzakijbfd,bnaakfgrbfgbodbdyibmofnfgrhbogj
zod.minxbcaghfjimfgrbdyibhladp

“ immx,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bolahdmalyfhfgrbyfzhinsbfgbyfhb.h.onbqox,
“xa.bhiibdyodbdyimibCnxbdyodbjox,bogjbxa.bhiibqfdybxa.mbaqgbixihbdyodbyi
qohbobxa.grb'.gbogjbobhdmofrydbzojib'.gp”

Yovfgrbhzakijbyfhblfliba.d,bogjbm.zfgodijbobnfddnibnagrim,byibd.mgij
yfzhinsboua.d,bdyodbyibzfrydbolliom,buisamibdyibya.mbasbcnahfgr,bagbyfh
hdodfagbodbDinnhag'hpbQyidyimbyfhbzijfdodfaghbagbzamdonfdxbyojbda.cyij
yfhbnfvim,bambqyidyimbyfhbrigimonbyiondybyojbuiigblmivfa.hnxbodbonn
ozfhh,bambqyidyimbyibjihfmijbdabhyaqbobnfddniboddigdfagbdabogbizfgigd
zog,bfhbgadbhabz.cybdabdyibl.mlahi,bohbdyodbyibzojibobhyamdbconnb.lag
yfhbzijfconbojvfhim--objfhdfgr.fhyijbh.mriag--agbyfhbqoxbuockp

Xa.grb immxbminfivijbyfhbsodyimbqfdybj.dfs.nbfgdimihd,bogjbmilamdijbGa
 aubfgbyfhbouhigcipbDyibuogkbcnahij,bdyibogcfigdbcnimkhbcoziba.d,bdyi
.h.onbqodcybqohbhid,bogjbZmpbCm.gcyimbogjbyfhbhagbqigdbyazibdabdiop

“Gaq,bFbdinnbxa.bqyimibfdbfh!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyimbdabyfhbqfsi,bag
igdimfgrpb“Fs,bohbobyagihdbdmojihzog,bzxbqigd.mhbraihbqmagrbda-gfryd,bF
hyonnbzokibh.mibdyodbxa.'vibuiigblmoxfgrborofgbzi,bogjbFbhyonnbqamkbxa.
sambfdb .hdbdyibhozibohbfsbFbhiigbxa.bjabfdp”

Dyibji icdijbZmhpbCm.gcyimbhyaakbyimbyiojp

“Qyx,bxa.'mibodbfdbosamibzxbsoci!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybhfrghbas
ogrmxbollmiyighfagp

“Fbozbhoxfgrbgadyfgrp”

“Qinn,bdyig;bjag'dbzijfdodibgadyfgrpbXa.bzfrydbohbqinnbsnalbohbzijfdodip
Xa.bzoxbohbqinnbraborofgbzibagibqoxbohbogadyimpbJmalbfdbondaridyimp”

“Xih,b immxp”

“Xih,b immx,”bmiliodijbZmpbCm.gcyimbhfddfgrbjaqgbdabdiopb“Oy!bFdb_fh_
xih,b immxpbDyod'hboua.dbfdpbXa.bzoxbhoxbxih,b immxp”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbyojbgablomdfc.nombziogfgrbfgbdyihibh.nkxbcammauamodfagh,
u.dbzojib.hibasbdyiz,bohblialnibgadb.gsmiw.igdnxbja,bdabielmihhbrigimon
fmagfconbjfhhodfhsocdfagp

“Xa.bogjbxa.mbxih,b immx,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bdokfgrbobufdiba.dbasbyfh
umioj-ogj-u.ddim,bogjbhiizfgrbdabyinlbfdbjaqgbqfdybobnomribfgvfhfuni
axhdimba.dbasbyfhbho.cimpb“Oy!bFbdyfgkbhapbFbuinfivibxa.p”

“Xa.bomibrafgrba.dbda-gfryd?”bohkijbyfhbjicigdbqfsi,bqyigbyibdaak
ogadyimbufdip

“Xih,bFbozp”

“ZoxbFbrabqfdybxa.,bsodyim?”bohkijbyfhbhag,bumfhknxp

“Ga,bxa.bzoxg'dpbF'zbobrafgr--ohbxa.mbzadyimbkgaqh--obsfhyfgrpbDyod'h
qyimibF'zbrafgrbdapbRafgrbobsfhyfgrp”

“Xa.mbsfhyfgr-majbridhbmoxdyimbm.hdx;bjag'dbfd,bsodyim?”

“Givimbxa.bzfgjp”

“Hyonnbxa.bumfgrbogxbsfhybyazi,bsodyim?”

“FsbFbjag'd,bxa.'nnbyovibhyamdbcazzagh,bda-zammaq,”bmid.mgijbdyod
rigdnizog,bhyokfgrbyfhbyioj;b“dyod'hbw.ihdfaghbiga.rybsambxa.;bFbofg'dbo
rafgrba.d,bdfnnbxa.'vibuiigbnagrbouijp”

Yibjivadijbyfzhinsbj.mfgrbdyibmizofgjimbasbdyibivigfgrbdabkiilfgrbo
zahdbvfrfnogdbqodcybagbZmhpbCm.gcyim,bogjbh.nnignxbyanjfgrbyimbfg
cagvimhodfagbdyodbhyibzfrydbuiblmivigdijbsmazbzijfdodfgrbogxblidfdfagh
dabyfhbjfhojvogdoripbQfdybdyfhbvfiq,byib.mrijbyfhbhagbdabyanjbyimbfg
cagvimhodfagbonha,bogjbnijbdyib.gsamd.godibqazogbobyomjbnfsibuxbjqinnfgr
agbogxbco.hihbasbcazlnofgdbyibca.njbumfgrborofghdbyim,bmodyimbdyog
yibqa.njbniovibyimbsambobzazigdbdabyimbaqgbmisnicdfaghpbDyibjiva.dihd
limhagbca.njbyovibmigjimijbgabrmiodimbyazoribdabdyibissfcocxbasbog
yagihdblmoximbdyogbyibjfjbfgbdyfhbjfhdm.hdbasbyfhbqfsipbFdbqohbohbfsbo
lmasihhijb.guinfivimbfgbryahdhbhya.njbuibsmfrydigijbuxbobryahdbhdamxp

“Ogjbzfgjbxa.!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyimpb“Gabrozihbda-zammaq!bFsbF,bohbo
yagihdbdmojihzog,bh.cciijbfgblmavfjfgrbob fgdibasbziodbambdqa,bgagi
asbxa.mbgadbda.cyfgrbasbfd,bogjbhdfckfgrbdabumiojpbFsbF,bohbobyagihd
dmojihzog,bozbounibdablmavfjibobnfddnibuiim,bgagibasbxa.mbjicnomfgr
agbqodimpbQyigbxa.brabdabMazi,bjabohbMazibjaihpbMazibqfnnbuibob.rnx
c.hdazimbdabxa.,bfsbxa.bjag'dpb_F_'zbxa.mbMazi,bxa.bkgaqp”

Dyigbyibuirogbrm.zunfgrborofg:

“Qfdybxa.mbsnxfgrbfgdabdyibsocibasbxa.mbaqgbqfddnihbogjbjmfgk!bFbjag'd
kgaqbyaqbhcomcibxa.bzoxg'dbzokibdyibqfddnihbogjbjmfgkbyimi,buxbxa.m
snallfgrbdmfckhbogjbxa.mb.gsiinfgrbcagj.cdpbNaakbodbxa.mbuax:byib_fh_
xa.m'g,bofg'dbyi?bYi'hbohbdyfgbohbobnodypbJabxa.bconnbxa.mhinsbobzadyim,
ogjbgadbkgaqbdyodbobzadyim'hbsfmhdbj.dxbfhbdabunaqbyimbuaxba.d?”

Dyfhbda.cyijbXa.grb immxbagbobdigjimblnoci;bqyaboj .mijbyfhbzadyimbda
limsamzbyimbsfmhdbj.dx,bogj,bqyodivimbinhibhyibjfjbambgirnicdij,bouavi
onnbdyfgrhbdabnoxbihlicfonbhdmihhbagbdyibjfhcyomribasbdyodbzodimgon
s.gcdfagbhabossicdfgrnxbogjbjinfcodinxbfgjfcodijbuxbyfhbadyimblomigdp

Dy.hbdyibivigfgrbqamiboqoxbqfdybdyibCm.gcyimbsozfnx,b.gdfnbXa.grb immx
qohbamjimijbdabuij,bogjbyfhbzadyim,bnofjb.gjimbhfzfnombfg .gcdfagh,
auixijbdyizpbZmpbCm.gcyimbuir.fnijbdyibiomnfimbqodcyihbasbdyibgfrydbqfdy
hanfdomxblflih,bogjbjfjbgadbhdomdb.lagbyfhbiec.mhfagb.gdfnbgiomnxbagi
a'cnackpbDaqomjhbdyodbhzonnbogjbryahdnxbya.m,byibmahib.lbsmazbyfhbcyofm,
daakbobkixba.dbasbyfhblackid,baligijbobnackijbc.luaomj,bogjbuma.ryd
samdybobhock,bobcmaquombasbcagvigfigdbhfti,bobmalibogjbcyofg,bogjbadyim
sfhyfgrbdocknibasbdyodbgod.mipbJfhlahfgrbdyihibomdfcnihboua.dbyfz
fgbhkfns.nbzoggim,byibuihdaqijboblomdfgrbjisfogcibagbZmhpbCm.gcyim,
iedfgr.fhyijbdyibnfryd,bogjbqigdba.dp

Xa.grb immx,bqyabyojbagnxbzojibobsifgdbasb.gjmihhfgrbqyigbyibqigdbda
uij,bqohbgadbnagrbosdimbyfhbsodyimpb.gjimbcavimbasbdyibjomkgihhbyi
sannaqijba.dbasbdyibmaaz,bsannaqijbjaqgbdyibhdofmh,bsannaqijbjaqgbdyi
ca.md,bsannaqijba.dbfgdabdyibhdmiidhpbYibqohbfgbgab.giohfgihhbcagcimgfgr
yfhbriddfgrbfgdabdyibya.hiborofg,bsambfdbqohbs.nnbasbnajrimh,bogjbdyi
jaambhdaajbo ombonnbgfrydp

Fzlinnijbuxbobno.jounibozufdfagbdabhd.jxbdyibomdbogjbzxhdimxbasbyfh
sodyim'hbyagihdbconnfgr,bXa.grb immx,bkiilfgrbohbcnahibdabya.hibsmagdh,
qonnh,bogjbjaamqoxh,bohbyfhbixihbqimibcnahibdabagibogadyim,byinjbyfh
yaga.mijblomigdbfgbvfiqpbDyibyaga.mijblomigdbhdiimfgrbGamdyqomj,byojbgad
ragibsom,bqyigbyibqohb afgijbuxbogadyimbjfhcflnibasbFtookbQondag,bogj
dyibdqabdm.jrijbagbdaridyimp

Qfdyfgbyonsbogbya.mbsmazbdyibsfmhdbhdomdfgr,bdyixbqimibuixagjbdyi
qfgkfgrbnozlh,bogjbdyibzamibdyogbqfgkfgrbqodcyzig,bogjbqimiba.db.lagbo
naginxbmaojpbOgadyimbsfhyimzogbqohblfckijb.lbyimi--ogjbdyodbhabhfnigdnx,
dyodbfsbXa.grb immxbyojbuiigbh.limhdfdfa.h,byibzfrydbyovibh.llahijbdyi
hicagjbsannaqimbasbdyibrigdnibcmosdbdabyovi,bonnbasbobh.jjig,bhlnfd
yfzhinsbfgdabdqap

Dyibdymiibqigdbag,bogjbXa.grb immxbqigdbag,b.gdfnbdyibdymiibhdallij
.gjimbobuogkbavimyogrfgrbdyibmaojpb.lagbdyibdalbasbdyibuogkbqohbobnaq
umfckbqonn,bh.mza.gdijbuxbogbfmagbmofnfgrpbFgbdyibhyojaqbasbuogkbogj
qonnbdyibdymiibd.mgijba.dbasbdyibmaoj,bogjb.lbobunfgjbnogi,basbqyfcy
dyibqonn--dyimi,bmfhigbdabhazibifrydbambdigbsiidbyfry--samzijbagibhfjip
Cma.cyfgrbjaqgbfgbobcamgim,bliilfgrb.lbdyibnogi,bdyibgiedbau icdbdyod
Xa.grb immxbhoq,bqohbdyibsamzbasbyfhbyaga.mijblomigd,blmiddxbqinn
jisfgijborofghdbobqodimxbogjbcna.jijbzaag,bgfzunxbhconfgrbogbfmagbrodip
Yibqohbhaagbavim,bogjbdyigbdyibhicagjbsfhyimzogbradbavim,bogjbdyigbdyi
dyfmjpbDyixbonnbjmallijbhasdnxbagbdyibrma.gjbqfdyfgbdyibrodi,bogjbnox
dyimibobnfddni--nfhdigfgrblimyolhpbDyig,bdyixbzavijboqoxbagbdyifmbyogjh
ogjbkgiihp

FdbqohbgaqbXa.grb immx'hbd.mgbdabollmaocybdyibrodi:bqyfcybyibjfj,
yanjfgrbyfhbumiodypbCma.cyfgrbjaqgborofgbfgbobcamgimbdyimi,bogjbnaakfgr
fg,byibzojiba.dbdyibdymiibsfhyimzigbcmiilfgrbdyma.rybhazibmogkbrmohh!
ogjbonnbdyibrmovihdagihbfgbdyibcy.mcyxomj--fdbqohbobnomribcy.mcyxomj
dyodbdyixbqimibfg--naakfgrbagbnfkibryahdhbfgbqyfdi,bqyfnibdyibcy.mcy
daqimbfdhinsbnaakijbagbnfkibdyibryahdbasbobzaghdma.hbrfogdpbDyixbjfjbgad
cmiilbsom,buisamibdyixbhdallijbogjbhdaajb.lmfrydpbOgjbdyigbdyixbuirogbda
sfhyp

Dyixbsfhyijbqfdybobhloji,bodbsfmhdpbLmihigdnxbdyibyaga.mijblomigd
olliomijbdabuiboj .hdfgrbhazibfghdm.zigdbnfkibobrmiodbcamkhcmiqp
Qyodivimbdaanhbdyixbqamkijbqfdy,bdyixbqamkijbyomj,b.gdfnbdyiboqs.n
hdmfkfgrbasbdyibcy.mcybcnackbhabdimmfsfijbXa.grb immx,bdyodbyibzojibass,
qfdybyfhbyofmbohbhdfssbohbyfhbsodyim'hp

U.d,byfhbnagr-cyimfhyijbjihfmibdabkgaqbzamiboua.dbdyihibzoddimh,bgad
agnxbhdallijbyfzbfgbyfhbm.ggfgrboqox,bu.dbn.mijbyfzbuockborofgpbDyix
qimibhdfnnbsfhyfgrblimhivimfgrnx,bqyigbyibliilijbfgbodbdyibrodibsam
dyibhicagjbdfzi;bu.d,bgaqbdyixbhiizijbdabyovibradbobufdipbDyimibqohbo
hcmiqfgrbogjbcazlnofgfgrbha.gjbjaqgbuinaq,bogjbdyifmbuigdbsfr.mihbqimi
hdmofgij,bohbfsbuxbobqifrydpbUxbhnaqbjirmiihbdyibqifrydbumakiboqoxbdyi
iomdyb.lagbfd,bogjbcozibdabdyibh.msocipbXa.grb immxbvimxbqinnbkgiqbqyod
fdbqa.njbui;bu.d,bqyigbyibhoqbfd,bogjbhoqbyfhbyaga.mijblomigdboua.dbda
qmigcybfdbalig,byibqohbhabsmfrydigij,buifgrbgiqbdabdyibhfryd,bdyodbyi
zojibassborofg,bogjbgivimbhdallijb.gdfnbyibyojbm.gbobzfnibambzamip

Yibqa.njbgadbyovibhdallijbdyig,bsambogxdyfgrbnihhbgicihhomxbdyogbumiody,
fdbuifgrbobhlicdmonbhamdbasbmocibdyodbyibmog,bogjbagibyfrynxbjihfmouni
dabridbdabdyibigjbaspbYibyojbobhdmagrbfjiobdyodbdyibcassfgbyibyojbhiig
qohbm.ggfgrbosdimbyfz;bogj,blfcd.mijbohbyallfgrbagbuiyfgjbyfz,buand
.lmfryd,b.lagbfdhbgommaqbigj,bonqoxhbagbdyiblafgdbasbavimdokfgrbyfz
ogjbyallfgrbagbodbyfhbhfji--limyolhbdokfgrbyfhbomz--fdbqohbobl.mh.imbda
hy.gpbFdbqohbogbfgcaghfhdigdbogjb.ufw.fda.hbsfigjbdaa,bsam,bqyfnibfd
qohbzokfgrbdyibqyanibgfrydbuiyfgjbyfzbjmiojs.n,byibjomdijba.dbfgdabdyi
maojqoxbdabovafjbjomkbonnixh,bsioms.nbasbfdhbcazfgrbyallfgrba.dbasbdyiz
nfkibobjmalhfconbuax'hbkfdibqfdya.dbdofnbogjbqfgrhpbFdbyfjbfgbjaamqoxh
daa,bm.uufgrbfdhbyammfunibhya.njimhborofghdbjaamh,bogjbjmoqfgrbdyizb.l
dabfdhbiomh,bohbfsbfdbqimibno.ryfgrpbFdbradbfgdabhyojaqhbagbdyibmaoj,
ogjbnoxbc.ggfgrnxbagbfdhbuockbdabdmflbyfzb.lpbOnnbdyfhbdfzibfdbqoh
fgcihhogdnxbyallfgrbagbuiyfgjbogjbrofgfgrbagbyfz,bhabdyodbqyigbdyibuax
radbdabyfhbaqgbjaambyibyojbmiohagbsambuifgrbyonsbjiojpbOgjbivigbdyig
fdbqa.njbgadbniovibyfz,bu.dbsannaqijbyfzb.lhdofmhbqfdybobu.zlbagbivimx
hdofm,bhcmozunijbfgdabuijbqfdybyfz,bogjbu.zlijbjaqg,bjiojbogjbyiovx,bag
yfhbumiohdbqyigbyibsinnbohniilp

Smazbyfhballmihhijbhn.zuim,bXa.grb immxbfgbyfhbcnahidbqohboqokigijbosdim
joxumiokbogjbuisamibh.gmfhi,buxbdyiblmihigcibasbyfhbsodyimbfgbdyi
sozfnxbmaazpbHazidyfgrbyojbragibqmagrbqfdybyfz;bodbniohd,bhabXa.grb immx
fgsimmij,bsmazbdyibcfmc.zhdogcibasbyfhbyanjfgrbZmhpbCm.gcyimbuxbdyi
iomh,bogjbkgackfgrbdyibuockbasbyimbyiojborofghdbdyibyioj-uaomjbasbdyi
uijp

“Fbdanjbxa.bFbqa.nj,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“ogjbFbjfjp”

“ immx,b immx,b immx!”byfhbqfsibfzlnamijp

“Xa.ballahibxa.mhinsbdabdyiblmasfdbasbdyibu.hfgihh,”bhofjb immx,b“ogjbzi
ogjbzxblomdgimhbh.ssimpbXa.bqohbdabyaga.mbogjbauix;bqyxbdyibjivfnbjag'd
xa.?”

“Fbdmxbdabuibobraajbqfsi,b immx,”bdyiblaambqazogblmadihdij,bqfdybdiomhp

“Fhbfdbuifgrbobraajbqfsibdaballahibxa.mby.huogj'hbu.hfgihh?bFhbfd
yaga.mfgrbxa.mby.huogjbdabjfhyaga.mbyfhbu.hfgihh?bFhbfdbauixfgrbxa.m
y.huogjbdabjfhauixbyfzbagbdyibqfdonbh.u icdbasbyfhbu.hfgihh?”

“Xa.byojg'dbdokigbdabdyibjmiojs.nbu.hfgihhbdyig,b immxp”

“Fd'hbiga.rybsambxa.,”bmidamdijbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“dabuibdyibqfsibasbo
yagihdbdmojihzog,bogjbgadbdabacc.lxbxa.mbsizonibzfgjbqfdybconc.nodfagh
qyigbyibdaakbdabyfhbdmojibambqyigbyibjfjg'dpbObyaga.mfgrbogjbauixfgr
qfsibqa.njbnidbyfhbdmojibonagibondaridyimpbConnbxa.mhinsbobminfrfa.h
qazog?bFsbxa.'mibobminfrfa.hbqazog,brfvibzibobfmminfrfa.hbagi!bXa.byovi
gabzamibgod'monbhighibasbj.dxbdyogbdyibuijbasbdyfhbyimibDyozihbmfvimbyoh
asboblfni,bogjbhfzfnomnxbfdbz.hdbuibkgackijbfgdabxa.p”

Dyibondimcodfagbqohbcagj.cdijbfgbobnaqbdagibasbvafci,bogjbdimzfgodijbfg
dyibyagihdbdmojihzog'hbkfckfgrbassbyfhbcnox-hafnijbuaadh,bogjbnxfgrbjaqg
odbyfhbnigrdybagbdyibsnaampbOsdimbdokfgrbobdfzfjbliilbodbyfzbnxfgrbag
yfhbuock,bqfdybyfhbm.hdxbyogjhb.gjimbyfhbyiojbsamboblfnnaq,byfhbhagbnox
jaqgbdaa,bogjbsinnbohniilborofgp

Dyimibqohbgabsfhybsambumioksohd,bogjbgadbz.cybasbogxdyfgrbinhipbZmp
Cm.gcyimbqohba.dbasbhlfmfdh,bogjba.dbasbdizlim,bogjbkildbogbfmagblad-nfj
uxbyfzbohboblma icdfnibsambdyibcammicdfagbasbZmhpbCm.gcyim,bfgbcohi
yibhya.njbauhimvibogxbhxzldazhbasbyimbhoxfgrbRmocipbYibqohbum.hyij
ogjbqohyijbodbdyib.h.onbya.m,bogjbhidbassbqfdybyfhbhagbdabl.mh.ibyfh
ahdighfunibconnfgrp

Xa.grb immx,bqonkfgrbqfdybdyibhdaanb.gjimbyfhbomzbodbyfhbsodyim'hbhfji
onagrbh.ggxbogjbcmaqjijbSniid-hdmiid,bqohbobvimxbjfssimigdbXa.grb immx
smazbyfzbasbdyiblmivfa.hbgfryd,bm.ggfgrbyazibdyma.rybjomkgihhbogj
hanfd.jibsmazbyfhbrmfzbl.mh.impbYfhbc.ggfgrbqohbsmihybqfdybdyibjox,
ogjbyfhbw.onzhbqimibragibqfdybdyibgfryd--fgbqyfcyblomdfc.nomhbfdbfhbgad
fzlmauounibdyodbyibyojbcazliimhbfgbSniid-hdmiidbogjbdyibCfdxbasbNagjag,
dyodbsfgibzamgfgrp

“Sodyim,”bhofjbXa.grb immx,bohbdyixbqonkijbonagr:bdokfgrbcomibdabkiil
odbomz'hbnigrdybogjbdabyovibdyibhdaanbqinnbuidqiigbdyiz:b“qyod'hbo
Mih.mmicdfag-Zog?”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbcozibdabobhdalbagbdyiblovizigdbuisamibyiboghqimij,b“Yaq
hya.njbFbkgaq?”

“Fbdya.rydbxa.bkgaqijbivimxdyfgr,bsodyim,”bhofjbdyibomdnihhbuaxp

“Yiz!bQinn,”bmid.mgijbZmpbCm.gcyim,brafgrbagborofg,bogjbnfsdfgrbassbyfh
yodbdabrfvibyfhbhlfkihbsmiiblnox,b“yi'hbobdmojihzogp”

“Qyod'hbyfhbraajh,bsodyim?”bohkijbdyibumfhkbXa.grb immxp

“Yfhbraajh,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bosdimbd.mgfgrbfdbavimbfgbyfhbzfgj,b“fhbo
umogcybasbHcfigdfsfcbraajhp”

“Limhagh'buajfih,bofg'dbfd,bsodyim?”bohkijbdyibnfvinxbuaxp

“Fbuinfivibfdbfhbhazidyfgrbasbdyodbhamd,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyimp

“Ay,bsodyim,bFbhya.njbhabnfkibdabuibobMih.mmicdfag-ZogbqyigbF'zbw.fdi
rmaqijb.l!”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbqohbhaadyij,bu.dbhyaakbyfhbyiojbfgbobj.ufa.hbogjbzamonbqoxp
“Fdbjiligjhb.lagbyaqbxa.bjiqinalbxa.mbdonigdhpbUibcomis.nbdabjiqinal
xa.mbdonigdh,bogjbgivimbdabhoxbgabzamibdyogbxa.bcogbyinlbdabgauajx,bogj
dyimi'hbgabdinnfgrbodbdyiblmihigdbdfzibqyodbxa.bzoxbgadbcazibdabuibsfd
samp”bOhbXa.grb immx,bdy.hbigca.morij,bqigdbagbobsiqbxomjhbfgbojvogci,
dablnogdbdyibhdaanbfgbdyibhyojaqbasbdyibUom,bZmpbCm.gcyimbojjijbda
yfzhins:b“ immx,bxa.byagihdbdmojihzog,bdyimi'hbyalihbqadbdyodbuaxbqfnn
xidbuibobunihhfgrbdabxa.,bogjbobmicazlighibdabxa.bsambyfhbzadyim!”




EVpbKgfddfgr


Dyimibyojbuiigbiomnfimbjmfgkfgrbdyogb.h.onbfgbdyibqfgi-hyalbasbZaghfi.m
JisomripbOhbiomnxbohbhfeba'cnackbfgbdyibzamgfgr,bhonnaqbsocihbliilfgr
dyma.rybfdhbuommijbqfgjaqhbyojbjihcmfijbadyimbsocihbqfdyfg,buigjfgrbavim
zioh.mihbasbqfgipbZaghfi.mbJisomribhanjbobvimxbdyfgbqfgibodbdyibuihd
asbdfzih,bu.dbfdbqa.njbhiizbdabyovibuiigbogb.g.h.onnxbdyfgbqfgibdyod
yibhanjbodbdyfhbdfzipbObha.mbqfgi,bzamiavim,bambobha.mfgr,bsambfdh
fgsn.igcibagbdyibzaajbasbdyahibqyabjmogkbfdbqohbdabzokibdyizbrnaazxpbGa
vfvocfa.hbUoccyogonfogbsnozibniolijba.dbasbdyiblmihhijbrmolibasbZaghfi.m
Jisomri:bu.d,bobhza.njimfgrbsfmibdyodbu.mgdbfgbdyibjomk,bnoxbyfjjigbfg
dyibjmirhbasbfdp

Dyfhbyojbuiigbdyibdyfmjbzamgfgrbfgbh.ccihhfag,bagbqyfcybdyimibyojbuiig
iomnxbjmfgkfgrbodbdyibqfgi-hyalbasbZaghfi.mbJisomripbFdbyojbuir.g
agbZagjox,bogjbyimibqohbQijgihjoxbcazipbDyimibyojbuiigbzamibasbiomnx
umaajfgrbdyogbjmfgkfgr;bsam,bzogxbzigbyojbnfhdigijbogjbqyfhlimijbogj
hn.gkboua.dbdyimibsmazbdyibdfzibasbdyibaligfgrbasbdyibjaam,bqyabca.nj
gadbyovibnofjboblficibasbzagixbagbdyibca.gdimbdabhovibdyifmbha.nhpbDyihi
qimibdabdyibs.nnbohbfgdimihdijbfgbdyiblnoci,byaqivim,bohbfsbdyixbca.nj
yovibcazzogjijbqyanibuomminhbasbqfgi;bogjbdyixbrnfjijbsmazbhiodbdabhiod,
ogjbsmazbcamgimbdabcamgim,bhqonnaqfgrbdonkbfgbnfi.basbjmfgk,bqfdybrmiijx
naakhp

Gadqfdyhdogjfgrbogb.g.h.onbsnaqbasbcazlogx,bdyibzohdimbasbdyibqfgi-hyal
qohbgadbvfhfunipbYibqohbgadbzfhhij;bsam,bgauajxbqyabcmahhijbdyi
dymihyanjbnaakijbsambyfz,bgauajxbohkijbsambyfz,bgauajxbqagjimijbdabhii
agnxbZojozibJisomribfgbyimbhiod,blmihfjfgrbavimbdyibjfhdmfu.dfagbas
qfgi,bqfdybobuaqnbasbuoddimijbhzonnbcafghbuisamibyim,bohbz.cybjisocij
ogjbuiodigba.dbasbdyifmbamfrfgonbfzlmihhbohbdyibhzonnbcafgoribas
y.zogfdxbsmazbqyahibmorrijblackidhbdyixbyojbcazip

Obh.hligjijbfgdimihdbogjboblmivonigdbouhigcibasbzfgj,bqimiblimyolh
auhimvijbuxbdyibhlfihbqyabnaakijbfgbodbdyibqfgi-hyal,bohbdyixbnaakijbfg
odbivimxblnoci,byfrybogjbnaq,bsmazbdyibkfgr'hblonocibdabdyibcmfzfgon'h
roanpbRozihbodbcomjhbnogr.fhyij,blnoximhbodbjazfgaihbz.hfgrnxbu.fnd
daqimhbqfdybdyiz,bjmfgkimhbjmiqbsfr.mihbagbdyibdounihbqfdybhlfndbjmalh
asbqfgi,bZojozibJisomribyimhinsblfckijba.dbdyibloddimgbagbyimbhniivi
qfdybyimbdaadylfck,bogjbhoqbogjbyiomjbhazidyfgrbfgo.jfunibogjbfgvfhfuni
obnagrbqoxbassp

Dy.h,bHofgdbOgdafgibfgbdyfhbvfga.hbsiod.mibasbyfh,b.gdfnbzfjjoxpbFdbqoh
yfrybgaagdfji,bqyigbdqabj.hdxbzigblohhijbdyma.rybyfhbhdmiidhbogjb.gjim
yfhbhqfgrfgrbnozlh:basbqyaz,bagibqohbZaghfi.mbJisomri:bdyibadyimbo
zigjimbasbmaojhbfgbobun.ibcolpbOnnboj.hdbogjbodyfmhd,bdyibdqabigdimij
dyibqfgi-hyalpbDyifmbommfvonbyojbnfrydijbobkfgjbasbsfmibfgbdyibumiohd
asbHofgdbOgdafgi,bsohdbhlmiojfgrbohbdyixbcozibonagr,bqyfcybhdfmmijbogj
snfckimijbfgbsnozihbasbsocihbodbzahdbjaamhbogjbqfgjaqhpbXid,bgabagibyoj
sannaqijbdyiz,bogjbgabzogbhlakibqyigbdyixbigdimijbdyibqfgi-hyal,bdya.ry
dyibixihbasbivimxbzogbdyimibqimibd.mgijb.lagbdyizp

“Raajbjox,brigdnizig!”bhofjbZaghfi.mbJisomrip

Fdbzoxbyovibuiigbobhfrgonbsambnaahigfgrbdyibrigimonbdagr.ipbFdbinfcfdij
ogboghqimfgrbcyam.hbasb“Raajbjox!”

“Fdbfhbuojbqiodyim,brigdnizig,”bhofjbJisomri,bhyokfgrbyfhbyiojp

.lagbqyfcy,bivimxbzogbnaakijbodbyfhbgifryua.m,bogjbdyigbonnbcohdbjaqg
dyifmbixihbogjbhodbhfnigdpbIecildbagibzog,bqyabradb.lbogjbqigdba.dp

“Zxbqfsi,”bhofjbJisomribona.j,bojjmihhfgrbZojozibJisomri:b“Fbyovi
dmovinnijbcimdofgbnior.ihbqfdybdyfhbraajbzigjimbasbmaojh,bconnij
 ocw.ihpbFbzidbyfz--uxboccfjigd--objoxbogjbyons'hb a.mgixba.dbasbLomfhp
Yibfhbobraajbcyfnj,bdyfhbzigjimbasbmaojh,bconnijb ocw.ihpbRfvibyfzbda
jmfgk,bzxbqfsi!”

Obhicagjbzogbradb.lbogjbqigdba.dpbZojozibJisomribhidbqfgibuisamibdyi
zigjimbasbmaojhbconnijb ocw.ih,bqyabjassijbyfhbun.ibcolbdabdyibcazlogx,
ogjbjmogkpbFgbdyibumiohdbasbyfhbuna.hibyibcommfijbhazibcaomhibjomk
umioj;byibodibasbdyfhbuidqiigbqyfnih,bogjbhodbz.gcyfgrbogjbjmfgkfgrbgiom
ZojozibJisomri'hbca.gdimpbObdyfmjbzogbradb.lbogjbqigdba.dp

Jisomribmismihyijbyfzhinsbqfdybobjmo.rydbasbqfgi--u.d,byibdaakbnihh
dyogbqohbrfvigbdabdyibhdmogrim,bohbuifgrbyfzhinsbobzogbdabqyazbfdbqohbga
momfdx--ogjbhdaajbqofdfgrb.gdfnbdyibca.gdmxzogbyojbzojibyfhbumioksohdp
Yibnaakijbodbgabagiblmihigd,bogjbgabagibgaqbnaakijbodbyfz;bgadbivig
ZojozibJisomri,bqyabyojbdokigb.lbyimbkgfddfgr,bogjbqohbodbqamkp

“Yovibxa.bsfgfhyijbxa.mbmilohd,bsmfigj?”byibohkij,bfgbj.ibhiohagp

“Xih,bdyogkbxa.p”

“Cazi,bdyig!bXa.bhyonnbhiibdyibolomdzigdbdyodbFbdanjbxa.bxa.bca.nj
acc.lxpbFdbqfnnbh.fdbxa.bdabobzomvinp”

A.dbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbfgdabdyibhdmiid,ba.dbasbdyibhdmiidbfgdabo
ca.mdxomj,ba.dbasbdyibca.mdxomjb.lbobhdiilbhdofmcohi,ba.dbasbdyi
hdofmcohibfgdabobrommid--samzimnxbdyibrommidbqyimibobqyfdi-yofmijbzog
hodbagbobnaqbuigcy,bhdaalfgrbsamqomjbogjbvimxbu.hx,bzokfgrbhyaihp

Gabqyfdi-yofmijbzogbqohbdyimibgaq;bu.d,bdyibdymiibzigbqimibdyimibqyabyoj
ragiba.dbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbhfgrnxpbOgjbuidqiigbdyizbogjbdyibqyfdi-yofmij
zogbosombass,bqohbdyibagibhzonnbnfgk,bdyodbdyixbyojbagcibnaakijbfgbod
yfzbdyma.rybdyibcyfgkhbfgbdyibqonnp

Jisomribcnahijbdyibjaambcomis.nnx,bogjbhlakibfgbobh.uj.ijbvafci:

“ ocw.ihbAgi,b ocw.ihbDqa,b ocw.ihbDymii!bDyfhbfhbdyibqfdgihh
igca.gdimijbuxbollafgdzigd,buxbzi,b ocw.ihbSa.mpbYibqfnnbdinnbxa.bonnp
Hliok,b ocw.ihbSfvi!”

Dyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bun.ibcolbfgbyogj,bqflijbyfhbhqomdyxbsamiyiojbqfdy
fd,bogjbhofj,b“QyimibhyonnbFbcazzigci,bzaghfi.m?”

“Cazzigci,”bqohbZaghfi.mbJisomri'hbgadb.gmiohagounibmilnx,b“odbdyi
cazzigcizigdp”

“Fbhoqbyfzbdyig,bzihhfi.mh,”buirogbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,b“obxiomborabdyfh
m.ggfgrbh.zzim,b.gjimgiodybdyibcommforibasbdyibZomw.fh,byogrfgrbuxbdyi
cyofgpbUiyanjbdyibzoggimbasbfdpbFbniovfgrbzxbqamkbagbdyibmaoj,bdyibh.g
rafgrbdabuij,bdyibcommforibasbdyibZomw.fhbhnaqnxbohcigjfgrbdyibyfnn,byi
yogrfgrbuxbdyibcyofg--nfkibdyfhp”

Orofgbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqigdbdyma.rybdyibqyaniblimsamzogci;bfgbqyfcy
yiba.rydbdabyovibuiigblimsicdbuxbdyodbdfzi,bhiifgrbdyodbfdbyojbuiig
dyibfgsonnfunibmiha.mcibogjbfgjfhlighounibigdimdofgzigdbasbyfhbvfnnori
j.mfgrbobqyanibxiomp

 ocw.ihbAgibhdm.ckbfg,bogjbohkijbfsbyibyojbivimbhiigbdyibzogbuisami?

“Givim,”boghqimijbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bmicavimfgrbyfhblimligjfc.nomp

 ocw.ihbDymiibjizogjijbyaqbyibosdimqomjhbmicargfhijbyfzbdyig?

“Uxbyfhbdonnbsfr.mi,”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bhasdnx,bogjbqfdybyfh
sfgrimbodbyfhbgahipb“QyigbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbjizogjhbdyodbivigfgr,
'Hox,bqyodbfhbyibnfki?'bFbzokibmihlaghi,b'Donnbohbobhlicdmip'”

“Xa.bhya.njbyovibhofj,bhyamdbohbobjqoms,”bmid.mgijb ocw.ihbDqap

“U.dbqyodbjfjbFbkgaq?bDyibjiijbqohbgadbdyigboccazlnfhyij,bgifdyimbjfjbyi
cagsfjibfgbzipbAuhimvi!b.gjimbdyahibcfmc.zhdogcihbivig,bFbjabgad
assimbzxbdihdfzagxpbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhbfgjfcodihbzibqfdybyfhbsfgrim,
hdogjfgrbgiomba.mbnfddnibsa.gdofg,bogjbhoxh,b'Dabzi!bUmfgrbdyodbmohcon!'
Zxbsofdy,bzihhfi.mh,bFbassimbgadyfgrp”

“Yibfhbmfrydbdyimi,b ocw.ih,”bz.mz.mijbJisomri,bdabyfzbqyabyoj
fgdimm.ldijpb“Rabag!”

“Raaj!”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bqfdybogbofmbasbzxhdimxpb“Dyibdonnbzog
fhbnahd,bogjbyibfhbha.ryd--yaqbzogxbzagdyh?bGfgi,bdig,binivig?”

“Gabzoddim,bdyibg.zuim,”bhofjbJisomripb“Yibfhbqinnbyfjjig,bu.dbodbnohd
yibfhb.gn.ckfnxbsa.gjpbRabag!”

“Fbozborofgbodbqamkb.lagbdyibyfnn-hfji,bogjbdyibh.gbfhborofgboua.dbda
rabdabuijpbFbozbcannicdfgrbzxbdaanhbdabjihcigjbdabzxbcaddoribjaqgbfgbdyi
vfnnoribuinaq,bqyimibfdbfhbonmiojxbjomk,bqyigbFbmofhibzxbixih,bogjbhii
cazfgrbavimbdyibyfnnbhfebhanjfimhpbFgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyizbfhbobdonnbzog
qfdybyfhbomzhbua.gj--dfijbdabyfhbhfjih--nfkibdyfh!”

Qfdybdyibofjbasbyfhbfgjfhlighounibcol,byibmilmihigdijbobzogbqfdybyfh
inuaqhbua.gjbsohdbodbyfhbyflh,bqfdybcamjhbdyodbqimibkgaddijbuiyfgjbyfzp

“Fbhdogjbohfji,bzihhfi.mh,buxbzxbyiolbasbhdagih,bdabhiibdyibhanjfimh
ogjbdyifmblmfhagimblohhb(sambfdbfhbobhanfdomxbmaoj,bdyod,bqyimibogx
hlicdocnibfhbqinnbqamdybnaakfgrbod),bogjbodbsfmhd,bohbdyixbollmaocy,bF
hiibgabzamibdyogbdyodbdyixbomibhfebhanjfimhbqfdybobdonnbzogbua.gj,bogj
dyodbdyixbomibonzahdbunockbdabzxbhfryd--iecildbagbdyibhfjibasbdyibh.g
rafgrbdabuij,bqyimibdyixbyovibobmijbijri,bzihhfi.mhpbOnha,bFbhiibdyod
dyifmbnagrbhyojaqhbomibagbdyibyannaqbmfjribagbdyiballahfdibhfjibasbdyi
maoj,bogjbomibagbdyibyfnnbouavibfd,bogjbomibnfkibdyibhyojaqhbasbrfogdhp
Onha,bFbhiibdyodbdyixbomibcavimijbqfdybj.hd,bogjbdyodbdyibj.hdbzavih
qfdybdyizbohbdyixbcazi,bdmozl,bdmozl!bU.dbqyigbdyixbojvogcibw.fdibgiom
dabzi,bFbmicargfhibdyibdonnbzog,bogjbyibmicargfhihbzipbOy,bu.dbyibqa.nj
uibqinnbcagdigdbdablmicflfdodibyfzhinsbavimbdyibyfnn-hfjibagciborofg,boh
agbdyibivigfgrbqyigbyibogjbFbsfmhdbigca.gdimij,bcnahibdabdyibhozibhlad!”

Yibjihcmfuijbfdbohbfsbyibqimibdyimi,bogjbfdbqohbivfjigdbdyodbyibhoqbfd
vfvfjnx;blimyolhbyibyojbgadbhiigbz.cybfgbyfhbnfsip

“FbjabgadbhyaqbdyibhanjfimhbdyodbFbmicargfhibdyibdonnbzog;byibjaihbgad
hyaqbdyibhanjfimhbdyodbyibmicargfhihbzi;bqibjabfd,bogjbqibkgaqbfd,bqfdy
a.mbixihpb'Cazibag!'bhoxhbdyibcyfisbasbdyodbcazlogx,blafgdfgrbdabdyi
vfnnori,b'umfgrbyfzbsohdbdabyfhbdazu!'bogjbdyixbumfgrbyfzbsohdimpbF
sannaqpbYfhbomzhbomibhqinnijbuico.hibasbuifgrbua.gjbhabdfryd,byfhbqaajig
hyaihbomibnomribogjbcn.zhx,bogjbyibfhbnozipbUico.hibyibfhbnozi,bogj
caghiw.igdnxbhnaq,bdyixbjmfvibyfzbqfdybdyifmbr.gh--nfkibdyfh!”

Yibfzfdodijbdyibocdfagbasbobzog'hbuifgrbfzlinnijbsamqomjbuxbdyi
u.dd-igjhbasbz.hkidhp

“Ohbdyixbjihcigjbdyibyfnnbnfkibzojzigbm.ggfgrbobmoci,byibsonnhpbDyix
no.rybogjblfckbyfzb.lborofgpbYfhbsocibfhbuniijfgrbogjbcavimijbqfdybj.hd,
u.dbyibcoggadbda.cybfd;bdyimi.lagbdyixbno.ryborofgpbDyixbumfgrbyfzbfgda
dyibvfnnori;bonnbdyibvfnnoribm.ghbdabnaak;bdyixbdokibyfzblohdbdyibzfnn,
ogjb.lbdabdyiblmfhag;bonnbdyibvfnnoribhiihbdyiblmfhagbrodibaligbfgbdyi
jomkgihhbasbdyibgfryd,bogjbhqonnaqbyfz--nfkibdyfh!”

Yibaligijbyfhbza.dybohbqfjibohbyibca.nj,bogjbhy.dbfdbqfdybobha.gjfgr
hgolbasbyfhbdiidypbAuhimvogdbasbyfhb.gqfnnfgrgihhbdabzombdyibissicdbux
aligfgrbfdborofg,bJisomribhofj,b“Rabag,b ocw.ihp”

“Onnbdyibvfnnori,”bl.mh.ijbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bagbdfldaibogjbfgbobnaq
vafci,b“qfdyjmoqh;bonnbdyibvfnnoribqyfhlimhbuxbdyibsa.gdofg;bonnbdyi
vfnnoribhniilh;bonnbdyibvfnnoribjmiozhbasbdyodb.gyollxbagi,bqfdyfgbdyi
nackhbogjbuomhbasbdyiblmfhagbagbdyibcmor,bogjbgivimbdabcaziba.dbasbfd,
iecildbdablimfhypbFgbdyibzamgfgr,bqfdybzxbdaanhb.lagbzxbhya.njim,biodfgr
zxbzamhinbasbunockbumiojbohbFbra,bFbzokibobcfmc.fdbuxbdyiblmfhag,bag
zxbqoxbdabzxbqamkpbDyimibFbhiibyfz,byfryb.l,buiyfgjbdyibuomhbasbobnasdx
fmagbcori,bunaajxbogjbj.hdxbohbnohdbgfryd,bnaakfgrbdyma.rypbYibyohbga
yogjbsmii,bdabqovibdabzi;bFbjomibgadbconnbdabyfz;byibmiromjhbzibnfkibo
jiojbzogp”

JisomribogjbdyibdymiibrnogcijbjomknxbodbagibogadyimpbDyibnaakhbasbonn
asbdyizbqimibjomk,bmilmihhij,bogjbmivigris.n,bohbdyixbnfhdigijbdabdyi
ca.gdmxzog'hbhdamx;bdyibzoggimbasbonnbasbdyiz,bqyfnibfdbqohbhicmid,bqoh
o.dyamfdodfvibdaapbDyixbyojbdyibofmbasbobma.rybdmfu.gon;b ocw.ihbAgi
ogjbDqabhfddfgrbagbdyibanjblonnid-uij,biocybqfdybyfhbcyfgbmihdfgrbag
yfhbyogj,bogjbyfhbixihbfgdigdbagbdyibmaoj-zigjim;b ocw.ihbDymii,biw.onnx
fgdigd,bagbagibkgiibuiyfgjbdyiz,bqfdybyfhborfdodijbyogjbonqoxhbrnfjfgr
avimbdyibgidqamkbasbsfgibgimvihboua.dbyfhbza.dybogjbgahi;bJisomri
hdogjfgrbuidqiigbdyizbogjbdyibgommodam,bqyazbyibyojbhdodfagijbfgbdyi
nfrydbasbdyibqfgjaq,buxbd.mghbnaakfgrbsmazbyfzbdabdyiz,bogjbsmazbdyizbda
yfzp

“Rabag,b ocw.ih,”bhofjbJisomrip

“Yibmizofghb.lbdyimibfgbyfhbfmagbcoribhazibjoxhpbDyibvfnnoribnaakh
odbyfzbuxbhdiondy,bsambfdbfhbosmofjpbU.dbfdbonqoxhbnaakhb.l,bsmazbo
jfhdogci,bodbdyiblmfhagbagbdyibcmor;bogjbfgbdyibivigfgr,bqyigbdyibqamk
asbdyibjoxbfhbocyfivijbogjbfdbohhizunihbdabrahhflbodbdyibsa.gdofg,bonn
socihbomibd.mgijbdaqomjhbdyiblmfhagpbSamzimnx,bdyixbqimibd.mgijbdaqomjh
dyiblahdfgr-ya.hi;bgaq,bdyixbomibd.mgijbdaqomjhbdyiblmfhagpbDyix
qyfhlimbodbdyibsa.gdofg,bdyodbondya.rybcagjizgijbdabjiodybyibqfnnbgadbui
ieic.dij;bdyixbhoxbdyodblidfdfaghbyovibuiigblmihigdijbfgbLomfh,bhyaqfgr
dyodbyibqohbigmorijbogjbzojibzojbuxbdyibjiodybasbyfhbcyfnj;bdyixbhox
dyodboblidfdfagbyohbuiigblmihigdijbdabdyibKfgrbyfzhinspbQyodbjabFbkgaq?
FdbfhblahhfunipbLimyolhbxih,blimyolhbgap”

“Nfhdigbdyig,b ocw.ih,”bG.zuimbAgibasbdyodbgozibhdimgnxbfgdimlahijp
“KgaqbdyodboblidfdfagbqohblmihigdijbdabdyibKfgrbogjbW.iigpbOnnbyimi,
xa.mhinsbiecildij,bhoqbdyibKfgrbdokibfd,bfgbyfhbcommforibfgbdyibhdmiid,
hfddfgrbuihfjibdyibW.iigpbFdbfhbJisomribqyazbxa.bhiibyimi,bqya,bodbdyi
yotomjbasbyfhbnfsi,bjomdijba.dbuisamibdyibyamhih,bqfdybdyiblidfdfagbfg
yfhbyogjp”

“Ogjbagciborofgbnfhdig,b ocw.ih!”bhofjbdyibkgiinfgrbG.zuimbDymii:
yfhbsfgrimhbivimbqogjimfgrbavimbogjbavimbdyahibsfgibgimvih,bqfdybo
hdmfkfgrnxbrmiijxbofm,bohbfsbyiby.grimijbsambhazidyfgr--dyodbqohbgifdyim
saajbgambjmfgk;b“dyibr.omj,byamhibogjbsaad,bh.mma.gjijbdyiblidfdfagim,
ogjbhdm.ckbyfzbunaqhpbXa.byiom?”

“Fbyiom,bzihhfi.mhp”

“Rabagbdyig,”bhofjbJisomrip

“Orofg;bagbdyibadyimbyogj,bdyixbqyfhlimbodbdyibsa.gdofg,”bmih.zijbdyi
ca.gdmxzog,b“dyodbyibfhbuma.rydbjaqgbfgdaba.mbca.gdmxbdabuibieic.dijbag
dyibhlad,bogjbdyodbyibqfnnbvimxbcimdofgnxbuibieic.dijpbDyixbivigbqyfhlim
dyodbuico.hibyibyohbhnofgbZaghifrgi.m,bogjbuico.hibZaghifrgi.mbqohbdyi
sodyimbasbyfhbdigogdh--himsh--qyodbxa.bqfnn--yibqfnnbuibieic.dijbohbo
lommfcfjipbAgibanjbzogbhoxhbodbdyibsa.gdofg,bdyodbyfhbmfrydbyogj,bomzij
qfdybdyibkgfsi,bqfnnbuibu.mgdbassbuisamibyfhbsoci;bdyod,bfgdabqa.gjh
qyfcybqfnnbuibzojibfgbyfhbomzh,byfhbumiohd,bogjbyfhbnirh,bdyimibqfnnbui
la.mijbuafnfgrbafn,bzindijbnioj,byadbmihfg,bqoe,bogjbh.nly.m;bsfgonnx,
dyodbyibqfnnbuibdamgbnfzubsmazbnfzubuxbsa.mbhdmagrbyamhihpbDyodbanjbzog
hoxh,bonnbdyfhbqohbocd.onnxbjagibdaboblmfhagimbqyabzojibogboddizldbag
dyibnfsibasbdyibnodibKfgr,bNa.fhbSfsdiigpbU.dbyaqbjabFbkgaqbfsbyibnfih?
Fbozbgadbobhcyanomp”

“Nfhdigbagciborofgbdyig,b ocw.ih!”bhofjbdyibzogbqfdybdyibmihdnihhbyogj
ogjbdyibcmovfgrbofmpb“DyibgozibasbdyodblmfhagimbqohbJozfigh,bogjbfdbqoh
onnbjagibfgbaligbjox,bfgbdyibaligbhdmiidhbasbdyfhbcfdxbasbLomfh;bogj
gadyfgrbqohbzamibgadfcijbfgbdyibvohdbcagca.mhibdyodbhoqbfdbjagi,bdyog
dyibcmaqjbasbnojfihbasbw.onfdxbogjbsohyfag,bqyabqimibs.nnbasbiorim
oddigdfagbdabdyibnohd--dabdyibnohd,b ocw.ih,blmanagrijb.gdfnbgfrydsonn,
qyigbyibyojbnahdbdqabnirhbogjbogbomz,bogjbhdfnnbumiodyij!bOgjbfdbqoh
jagi--qyx,byaqbanjbomibxa.?”

“Dyfmdx-sfvi,”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bqyabnaakijbhfedxp

“Fdbqohbjagibqyigbxa.bqimibzamibdyogbdigbxiomhbanj;bxa.bzfrydbyovibhiig
fdp”

“Iga.ry!”bhofjbJisomri,bqfdybrmfzbfzlodfigcipb“NagrbnfvibdyibJivfn!bRa
agp”

“Qinn!bHazibqyfhlimbdyfh,bhazibqyfhlimbdyod;bdyixbhliokbasbgadyfgrbinhi;
ivigbdyibsa.gdofgbolliomhbdabsonnbdabdyodbd.gipbOdbnigrdy,bagbH.gjox
gfrydbqyigbonnbdyibvfnnoribfhbohniil,bcazibhanjfimh,bqfgjfgrbjaqgbsmaz
dyiblmfhag,bogjbdyifmbr.ghbmfgrbagbdyibhdagihbasbdyibnfddnibhdmiidp
Qamkzigbjfr,bqamkzigbyozzim,bhanjfimhbno.rybogjbhfgr;bfgbdyibzamgfgr,bux
dyibsa.gdofg,bdyimibfhbmofhijbobronnaqhbsamdxbsiidbyfry,blafhagfgrbdyi
qodimp”

Dyibzigjimbasbmaojhbnaakijb_dyma.ry_bmodyimbdyogb_od_bdyibnaqbcifnfgr,
ogjblafgdijbohbfsbyibhoqbdyibronnaqhbhaziqyimibfgbdyibhkxp

“Onnbqamkbfhbhdallij,bonnbohhizunibdyimi,bgauajxbniojhbdyibcaqhba.d,
dyibcaqhbomibdyimibqfdybdyibmihdpbOdbzfjjox,bdyibmannbasbjm.zhpbHanjfimh
yovibzomcyijbfgdabdyiblmfhagbfgbdyibgfryd,bogjbyibfhbfgbdyibzfjhd
asbzogxbhanjfimhpbYibfhbua.gjbohbuisami,bogjbfgbyfhbza.dybdyimibfh
obror--dfijbha,bqfdybobdfrydbhdmfgr,bzokfgrbyfzbnaakbonzahdbohbfsbyi
no.ryijp”bYibh.rrihdijbfd,buxbcmiohfgrbyfhbsocibqfdybyfhbdqabdy.zuh,
smazbdyibcamgimhbasbyfhbza.dybdabyfhbiomhpb“Agbdyibdalbasbdyibronnaqhbfh
sfeijbdyibkgfsi,bunojib.lqomjh,bqfdybfdhblafgdbfgbdyibofmpbYibfhbyogrij
dyimibsamdxbsiidbyfry--ogjbfhbnisdbyogrfgr,blafhagfgrbdyibqodimp”

Dyixbnaakijbodbagibogadyim,bohbyib.hijbyfhbun.ibcolbdabqflibyfhbsoci,
agbqyfcybdyiblimhlfmodfagbyojbhdomdijbosmihybqyfnibyibmiconnijbdyi
hlicdocnip

“Fdbfhbsmfryds.n,bzihhfi.mhpbYaqbcogbdyibqazigbogjbdyibcyfnjmigbjmoq
qodim!bQyabcogbrahhflbasbogbivigfgr,b.gjimbdyodbhyojaq!b.gjimbfd,byovi
Fbhofj?bQyigbFbnisdbdyibvfnnori,bZagjoxbivigfgrbohbdyibh.gbqohbrafgrbda
uij,bogjbnaakijbuockbsmazbdyibyfnn,bdyibhyojaqbhdm.ckbocmahhbdyibcy.mcy,
ocmahhbdyibzfnn,bocmahhbdyiblmfhag--hiizijbdabhdmfkibocmahhbdyibiomdy,
zihhfi.mh,bdabqyimibdyibhkxbmihdhb.lagbfd!”

Dyiby.grmxbzogbrgoqijbagibasbyfhbsfgrimhbohbyibnaakijbodbdyibadyim
dymii,bogjbyfhbsfgrimbw.fvimijbqfdybdyibcmovfgrbdyodbqohbagbyfzp

“Dyod'hbonn,bzihhfi.mhpbFbnisdbodbh.ghidb(ohbFbyojbuiigbqomgijbdabja),
ogjbFbqonkijbag,bdyodbgfrydbogjbyonsbgiedbjox,b.gdfnbFbzidb(ohbFbqoh
qomgijbFbhya.nj)bdyfhbcazmojipbQfdybyfz,bFbcozibag,bgaqbmfjfgrbogjbgaq
qonkfgr,bdyma.rybdyibmihdbasbxihdimjoxbogjbdyma.rybnohdbgfrydpbOgjbyimi
xa.bhiibzi!”

Osdimbobrnaazxbhfnigci,bdyibsfmhdb ocw.ihbhofj,b“Raaj!bXa.byovibocdij
ogjbmica.gdijbsofdys.nnxpbQfnnbxa.bqofdbsamb.hbobnfddni,ba.dhfjibdyi
jaam?”

“Vimxbqfnnfgrnx,”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhpbQyazbJisomribihcamdijbdabdyi
dalbasbdyibhdofmh,bogj,bniovfgrbhiodijbdyimi,bmid.mgijp

Dyibdymiibyojbmfhig,bogjbdyifmbyiojhbqimibdaridyimbqyigbyibcozibuockbda
dyibrommidp

“Yaqbhoxbxa.,b ocw.ih?”bjizogjijbG.zuimbAgipb“Dabuibmirfhdimij?”

“Dabuibmirfhdimij,bohbjaazijbdabjihdm.cdfag,”bmid.mgijbJisomrip

“Zorgfsfcigd!”bcmaokijbdyibzogbqfdybdyibcmovfgrp

“Dyibcyodio.,bogjbonnbdyibmoci?”bfgw.fmijbdyibsfmhdp

“Dyibcyodio.bogjbonnbdyibmoci,”bmid.mgijbJisomripb“Iedimzfgodfagp”

Dyiby.grmxbzogbmiliodij,bfgbobmold.ma.hbcmaok,b“Zorgfsfcigd!”bogjbuirog
rgoqfgrbogadyimbsfgrimp

“Omibxa.bh.mi,”bohkijb ocw.ihbDqa,basbJisomri,b“dyodbgabizuommohhzigd
cogbomfhibsmazba.mbzoggimbasbkiilfgrbdyibmirfhdim?bQfdya.dbja.udbfdbfh
hosi,bsambgabagibuixagjba.mhinvihbcogbjicflyimbfd;bu.dbhyonnbqibonqoxh
uibounibdabjicflyimbfd--am,bFba.rydbdabhox,bqfnnbhyi?”

“ ocw.ih,”bmid.mgijbJisomri,bjmoqfgrbyfzhinsb.l,b“fsbzojozibzxbqfsi
.gjimdaakbdabkiilbdyibmirfhdimbfgbyimbzizamxbonagi,bhyibqa.njbgadbnahi
obqamjbasbfd--gadbobhxnnounibasbfdpbKgfddij,bfgbyimbaqgbhdfdcyihbogjbyim
aqgbhxzuanh,bfdbqfnnbonqoxhbuibohblnofgbdabyimbohbdyibh.gpbCagsfjibfg
ZojozibJisomripbFdbqa.njbuibiohfimbsambdyibqiokihdblandmaagbdyodbnfvih,
dabimohibyfzhinsbsmazbiefhdigci,bdyogbdabimohibagibniddimbasbyfhbgozibam
cmfzihbsmazbdyibkgfddijbmirfhdimbasbZojozibJisomrip”

Dyimibqohbobz.mz.mbasbcagsfjigcibogjbollmavon,bogjbdyigbdyibzogbqya
y.grimij,bohkij:b“Fhbdyfhbm.hdfcbdabuibhigdbuockbhaag?bFbyalibhapbYibfh
vimxbhfzlni;bfhbyibgadbobnfddnibjogrima.h?”

“Yibkgaqhbgadyfgr,”bhofjbJisomri;b“odbniohdbgadyfgrbzamibdyogbqa.nj
iohfnxbinivodibyfzhinsbdabobronnaqhbasbdyibhozibyifrydpbFbcyomribzxhins
qfdybyfz;bnidbyfzbmizofgbqfdybzi;bFbqfnnbdokibcomibasbyfz,bogjbhidbyfz
agbyfhbmaojpbYibqfhyihbdabhiibdyibsfgibqamnj--dyibKfgr,bdyibW.iig,bogj
Ca.md;bnidbyfzbhiibdyizbagbH.gjoxp”

“Qyod?”biecnofzijbdyiby.grmxbzog,bhdomfgrpb“Fhbfdbobraajbhfrg,bdyodbyi
qfhyihbdabhiibMaxondxbogjbGaufnfdx?”

“ ocw.ih,”bhofjbJisomri;b“ .jfcfa.hnxbhyaqbobcodbzfnk,bfsbxa.bqfhybyim
dabdyfmhdbsambfdpb .jfcfa.hnxbhyaqbobjarbyfhbgod.monblmix,bfsbxa.bqfhy
yfzbdabumfgrbfdbjaqgbagibjoxp”

Gadyfgrbzamibqohbhofj,bogjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,buifgrbsa.gjbonmiojx
jatfgrbagbdyibdalzahdbhdofm,bqohbojvfhijbdabnoxbyfzhinsbjaqgbagbdyi
lonnid-uijbogjbdokibhazibmihdpbYibgiijijbgablimh.ohfag,bogjbqohbhaag
ohniilp

Qamhibw.omdimhbdyogbJisomri'hbqfgi-hyal,bca.njbiohfnxbyovibuiigbsa.gj
fgbLomfhbsamboblmavfgcfonbhnovibasbdyodbjirmiipbHovfgrbsambobzxhdimfa.h
jmiojbasbzojozibuxbqyfcybyibqohbcaghdogdnxbyo.gdij,byfhbnfsibqohbvimx
giqbogjbormiiounipbU.d,bzojozibhodbonnbjoxbodbyimbca.gdim,bhabielmihhnx
.gcaghcfa.hbasbyfz,bogjbhablomdfc.nomnxbjidimzfgijbgadbdablimcifvibdyod
yfhbuifgrbdyimibyojbogxbcaggicdfagbqfdybogxdyfgrbuinaqbdyibh.msoci,bdyod
yibhyaakbfgbyfhbqaajigbhyaihbqyigivimbyfhbixibnfrydijbagbyimpbSam,byi
cagdigjijbqfdybyfzhinsbdyodbfdbqohbfzlahhfunibdabsamihiibqyodbdyodbnojx
zfrydblmidigjbgied;bogjbyibsindbohh.mijbdyodbfsbhyibhya.njbdokibfd
fgdabyimbumfrydnxbamgozigdijbyiojbdablmidigjbdyodbhyibyojbhiigbyfzbjabo
z.mjimbogjbosdimqomjhbsnoxbdyibvfcdfz,bhyibqa.njbfgsonnfunxbrabdyma.ry
qfdybfdb.gdfnbdyiblnoxbqohblnoxijba.dp

Dyimisami,bqyigbH.gjoxbcozi,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqohbgadbigcyogdij
(dya.rybyibhofjbyibqoh)bdabsfgjbdyodbzojozibqohbdaboccazlogxbzaghfi.m
ogjbyfzhinsbdabVimhofnnihpbFdbqohbojjfdfagonnxbjfhcagcimdfgrbdabyovi
zojozibkgfddfgrbonnbdyibqoxbdyimi,bfgbobl.unfcbcagvixogci;bfdbqoh
ojjfdfagonnxbjfhcagcimdfgrbxid,bdabyovibzojozibfgbdyibcmaqjbfgbdyi
osdimgaag,bhdfnnbqfdybyimbkgfddfgrbfgbyimbyogjhbohbdyibcmaqjbqofdijbda
hiibdyibcommforibasbdyibKfgrbogjbW.iigp

“Xa.bqamkbyomj,bzojozi,”bhofjbobzogbgiombyimp

“Xih,”boghqimijbZojozibJisomri;b“Fbyovibobraajbjionbdabjap”

“Qyodbjabxa.bzoki,bzojozi?”

“Zogxbdyfgrhp”

“Sambfghdogci--”

“Sambfghdogci,”bmid.mgijbZojozibJisomri,bcazlahijnx,b“hyma.jhp”

Dyibzogbzavijbobnfddnibs.mdyimboqox,bohbhaagbohbyibca.nj,bogjbdyibzigjim
asbmaojhbsoggijbyfzhinsbqfdybyfhbun.ibcol:bsiinfgrbfdbzfrydfnxbcnahi
ogjballmihhfvipbFsbyibgiijijbobKfgrbogjbW.iigbdabmihdamibyfz,byibqoh
samd.godibfgbyovfgrbyfhbmizijxbodbyogj;bsam,bhaagbdyibnomri-socijbKfgr
ogjbdyibsofm-socijbW.iigbcozibfgbdyifmbranjigbcaocy,boddigjijbuxbdyi
hyfgfgrbU.nn'hbIxibasbdyifmbCa.md,bobrnfddimfgrbz.ndfd.jibasbno.ryfgr
nojfihbogjbsfgibnamjh;bogjbfgb iqinhbogjbhfnkhbogjblaqjimbogjbhlnigja.m
ogjbinirogdnxbhl.mgfgrbsfr.mihbogjbyogjhazinxbjfhjofgs.nbsocihbasbuady
hieih,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbuodyijbyfzhins,bhabz.cybdabyfhbdizlamomx
fgdaefcodfag,bdyodbyibcmfijbNagrbnfvibdyibKfgr,bNagrbnfvibdyibW.iig,
Nagrbnfvibivimxuajxbogjbivimxdyfgr!bohbfsbyibyojbgivimbyiomjbas
.ufw.fda.hb ocw.ihbfgbyfhbdfzipbDyig,bdyimibqimibromjigh,bca.mdxomjh,
dimmocih,bsa.gdofgh,brmiigbuogkh,bzamibKfgrbogjbW.iig,bzamibU.nn'hbIxi,
zamibnamjhbogjbnojfih,bzamibNagrbnfvibdyixbonn!b.gdfnbyibouhan.dinxbqild
qfdybhigdfzigdpbJ.mfgrbdyibqyanibasbdyfhbhcigi,bqyfcybnohdijbhazibdymii
ya.mh,byibyojblnigdxbasbhya.dfgrbogjbqiilfgrbogjbhigdfzigdonbcazlogx,
ogjbdyma.rya.dbJisomribyinjbyfzbuxbdyibcannom,bohbfsbdabmihdmofgbyfz
smazbsnxfgrbodbdyibau icdhbasbyfhbumfisbjivadfagbogjbdiomfgrbdyizbda
lficihp

“Umova!”bhofjbJisomri,bcnollfgrbyfzbagbdyibuockbqyigbfdbqohbavim,bnfkibo
lodmag;b“xa.bomibobraajbuax!”

Dyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqohbgaqbcazfgrbdabyfzhins,bogjbqohbzfhdm.hds.nbas
yovfgrbzojibobzfhdokibfgbyfhbnodibjizaghdmodfagh;bu.dbgap

“Xa.bomibdyibsinnaqbqibqogd,”bhofjbJisomri,bfgbyfhbiom;b“xa.bzoki
dyihibsaanhbuinfivibdyodbfdbqfnnbnohdbsambivimpbDyig,bdyixbomibdyibzami
fghanigd,bogjbfdbfhbdyibgiomimbigjijp”

“Yix!”bcmfijbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bmisnicdfvinx;b“dyod'hbdm.ip”

“DyihibsaanhbkgaqbgadyfgrpbQyfnibdyixbjihlfhibxa.mbumiody,bogjbqa.nj
hdalbfdbsambivimbogjbivim,bfgbxa.bambfgboby.gjmijbnfkibxa.bmodyimbdyog
fgbagibasbdyifmbaqgbyamhihbambjarh,bdyixbagnxbkgaqbqyodbxa.mbumiody
dinnhbdyizpbNidbfdbjicifvibdyiz,bdyig,bobnfddnibnagrim;bfdbcoggad
jicifvibdyizbdaabz.cyp”

ZojozibJisomribnaakijbh.limcfnfa.hnxbodbdyibcnfigd,bogjbgajjijbfg
cagsfmzodfagp

“Ohbdabxa.,”bhofjbhyi,b“xa.bqa.njbhya.dbogjbhyijbdiomhbsambogxdyfgr,bfs
fdbzojibobhyaqbogjbobgafhipbHox!bQa.njbxa.bgad?”

“Dm.nx,bzojozi,bFbdyfgkbhapbSambdyibzazigdp”

“Fsbxa.bqimibhyaqgbobrmiodbyiolbasbjannh,bogjbqimibhidb.lagbdyizbda
ln.ckbdyizbdablficihbogjbjihlafnbdyizbsambxa.mbaqgbojvogdori,bxa.bqa.nj
lfckba.dbdyibmfcyihdbogjbroxihdpbHox!bQa.njbxa.bgad?”

“Dm.nxbxih,bzojozip”

“XihpbOgjbfsbxa.bqimibhyaqgbobsnackbasbufmjh,b.gounibdabsnx,bogjbqimi
hidb.lagbdyizbdabhdmflbdyizbasbdyifmbsiodyimhbsambxa.mbaqgbojvogdori,
xa.bqa.njbhidb.lagbdyibufmjhbasbdyibsfgihdbsiodyimh;bqa.njbxa.bgad?”

“Fdbfhbdm.i,bzojozip”

“Xa.byovibhiigbuadybjannhbogjbufmjhbda-jox,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bqfdy
obqovibasbyimbyogjbdaqomjhbdyiblnocibqyimibdyixbyojbnohdbuiigbollomigd;
“gaq,brabyazi!”




EVFpbHdfnnbKgfddfgr


ZojozibJisomribogjbzaghfi.mbyimby.huogjbmid.mgijbozfcounxbdabdyi
uahazbasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bqyfnibobhlickbfgbobun.ibcolbdafnijbdyma.rybdyi
jomkgihh,bogjbdyma.rybdyibj.hd,bogjbjaqgbdyibqiomxbzfnihbasbovig.ibux
dyibqoxhfji,bhnaqnxbdigjfgrbdaqomjhbdyodblafgdbasbdyibcazlohhbqyimi
dyibcyodio.basbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,bgaqbfgbyfhbrmovi,bnfhdigijbda
dyibqyfhlimfgrbdmiihpbH.cybozlnibnifh.mibyojbdyibhdagibsocih,bgaq,
sambnfhdigfgrbdabdyibdmiihbogjbdabdyibsa.gdofg,bdyodbdyibsiqbvfnnori
hcomicmaqhbqya,bfgbdyifmbw.ihdbsambyimuhbdabiodbogjbsmorzigdhbasbjioj
hdfckbdabu.mg,bhdmoxijbqfdyfgbhfrydbasbdyibrmiodbhdagibca.mdxomjbogj
dimmocibhdofmcohi,byojbfdbuamgibfgb.lagbdyifmbhdomvijbsogcxbdyod
dyibielmihhfagbasbdyibsocihbqohbondimijpbObm.za.mb .hdbnfvijbfgbdyi
vfnnori--yojbobsofgdbogjbuomibiefhdigcibdyimi,bohbfdhblialnibyoj--dyod
qyigbdyibkgfsibhdm.ckbyazi,bdyibsocihbcyogrij,bsmazbsocihbasblmfjibda
socihbasbogrimbogjblofg;bonha,bdyodbqyigbdyodbjogrnfgrbsfr.mibqohbyo.nij
.lbsamdxbsiidbouavibdyibsa.gdofg,bdyixbcyogrijborofg,bogjbuamibobcm.in
naakbasbuifgrbovigrij,bqyfcybdyixbqa.njbyigcisamdybuiombsambivimpbFgbdyi
hdagibsocibavimbdyibrmiodbqfgjaqbasbdyibuij-cyozuimbqyimibdyibz.mjim
qohbjagi,bdqabsfgibjfgdhbqimiblafgdijba.dbfgbdyibhc.nld.mijbgahi,bqyfcy
ivimxuajxbmicargfhij,bogjbqyfcybgauajxbyojbhiigbasbanj;bogjbagbdyi
hcomcibaccohfaghbqyigbdqabambdymiibmorrijbliohogdhbizimrijbsmazbdyi
cmaqjbdabdokiboby.mmfijbliilbodbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fhblidmfsfij,bo
hkfggxbsfgrimbqa.njbgadbyoviblafgdijbdabfdbsambobzfg.di,buisamibdyixbonn
hdomdijboqoxbozagrbdyibzahhbogjbniovih,bnfkibdyibzamibsamd.godibyomih
qyabca.njbsfgjbobnfvfgrbdyimip

Cyodio.bogjby.d,bhdagibsocibogjbjogrnfgrbsfr.mi,bdyibmijbhdofgbagbdyi
hdagibsnaam,bogjbdyibl.mibqodimbfgbdyibvfnnoribqinn--dya.hogjhbasbocmih
asbnogj--obqyaniblmavfgcibasbSmogci--onnbSmogcibfdhins--noxb.gjimbdyi
gfrydbhkx,bcagcigdmodijbfgdabobsofgdbyofm-umiojdybnfgipbHabjaihbobqyani
qamnj,bqfdybonnbfdhbrmiodgihhihbogjbnfddnigihhih,bnfibfgbobdqfgknfgr
hdompbOgjbohbzimiby.zogbkgaqnijribcogbhlnfdbobmoxbasbnfrydbogjbogonxhi
dyibzoggimbasbfdhbcazlahfdfag,bha,bh.unfzimbfgdinnfrigcihbzoxbmiojbfg
dyibsiiunibhyfgfgrbasbdyfhbiomdybasba.mh,bivimxbdya.rydbogjbocd,bivimx
vfcibogjbvfmd.i,basbivimxbmihlaghfunibcmiod.mibagbfdp

DyibJisomrih,by.huogjbogjbqfsi,bcozibn.zuimfgrb.gjimbdyibhdomnfryd,
fgbdyifmbl.unfcbviyfcni,bdabdyodbrodibasbLomfhbqyimi.gdabdyifm
 a.mgixbgod.monnxbdigjijpbDyimibqohbdyib.h.onbhdalloribodbdyibuommfim
r.omjya.hi,bogjbdyib.h.onbnogdimghbcozibrnogcfgrbsamdybsambdyib.h.on
ieozfgodfagbogjbfgw.fmxpbZaghfi.mbJisomribonfrydij;bkgaqfgrbagibambdqa
asbdyibhanjfimxbdyimi,bogjbagibasbdyiblanfcipbDyibnoddimbyibqohbfgdfzodi
qfdy,bogjbossicdfagodinxbizumocijp

QyigbHofgdbOgdafgibyojborofgbigsanjijbdyibJisomrihbfgbyfhbj.hkxbqfgrh,
ogjbdyix,byovfgrbsfgonnxbonfrydijbgiombdyibHofgd'hbua.gjomfih,bqimi
lfckfgrbdyifmbqoxbagbsaadbdyma.rybdyibunockbz.jbogjbassonbasbyfh
hdmiidh,bZojozibJisomribhlakibdabyimby.huogj:

“Hoxbdyig,bzxbsmfigj;bqyodbjfjb ocw.ihbasbdyiblanfcibdinnbdyii?”

“Vimxbnfddnibda-gfryd,bu.dbonnbyibkgaqhpbDyimibfhbogadyimbhlx
cazzfhhfagijbsamba.mbw.omdimpbDyimibzoxbuibzogxbzami,bsambonnbdyodbyi
cogbhox,bu.dbyibkgaqhbasbagip”

“Iybqinn!”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bmofhfgrbyimbixiumaqhbqfdybobcaan
u.hfgihhbofmpb“FdbfhbgicihhomxbdabmirfhdimbyfzpbYaqbjabdyixbconnbdyod
zog?”

“YibfhbIgrnfhyp”

“Habz.cybdyibuiddimpbYfhbgozi?”

“Uomhoj,”bhofjbJisomri,bzokfgrbfdbSmigcybuxblmag.gcfodfagpbU.d,byibyoj
uiigbhabcomis.nbdabridbfdbocc.modinx,bdyodbyibdyigbhlindbfdbqfdyblimsicd
cammicdgihhp

“Uomhoj,”bmiliodijbzojozipb“RaajpbCymfhdfogbgozi?”

“ aygp”

“ aygbUomhoj,”bmiliodijbzojozi,bosdimbz.mz.mfgrbfdbagcibdabyimhinsp
“RaajpbYfhbolliomogci;bfhbfdbkgaqg?”

“Ori,boua.dbsamdxbxiomh;byifryd,boua.dbsfvibsiidbgfgi;bunockbyofm;
cazlniefagbjomk;brigimonnx,bmodyimbyogjhazibvfhori;bixihbjomk,bsoci
dyfg,bnagr,bogjbhonnaq;bgahibow.fnfgi,bu.dbgadbhdmofryd,byovfgrbo
lic.nfombfgcnfgodfagbdaqomjhbdyibnisdbcyiik;bielmihhfag,bdyimisami,
hfgfhdimp”

“IybzxbsofdypbFdbfhboblamdmofd!”bhofjbzojozi,bno.ryfgrpb“Yibhyonnbui
mirfhdimijbda-zammaqp”

Dyixbd.mgijbfgdabdyibqfgi-hyal,bqyfcybqohbcnahijb(sambfdbqohbzfjgfryd),
ogjbqyimibZojozibJisomribfzzijfodinxbdaakbyimblahdbodbyimbjihk,bca.gdij
dyibhzonnbzagixhbdyodbyojbuiigbdokigbj.mfgrbyimbouhigci,bieozfgijbdyi
hdack,bqigdbdyma.rybdyibigdmfihbfgbdyibuaak,bzojibadyimbigdmfihbas
yimbaqg,bcyickijbdyibhimvfgrbzogbfgbivimxblahhfunibqox,bogjbsfgonnx
jfhzfhhijbyfzbdabuijpbDyigbhyibd.mgijba.dbdyibcagdigdhbasbdyibuaqn
asbzagixbsambdyibhicagjbdfzi,bogjbuirogbkgaddfgrbdyizb.lbfgbyim
yogjkimcyfis,bfgbobcyofgbasbhilomodibkgadh,bsambhosibkiilfgrbdyma.rybdyi
gfrydpbOnnbdyfhbqyfni,bJisomri,bqfdybyfhblflibfgbyfhbza.dy,bqonkij
.lbogjbjaqg,bcazlnocigdnxbojzfmfgr,bu.dbgivimbfgdimsimfgr;bfgbqyfcy
cagjfdfag,bfgjiij,bohbdabdyibu.hfgihhbogjbyfhbjazihdfcbossofmh,byi
qonkijb.lbogjbjaqgbdyma.rybnfsip

Dyibgfrydbqohbyad,bogjbdyibhyal,bcnahibhy.dbogjbh.mma.gjijbuxbhabsa.nbo
gifryua.myaaj,bqohbfnn-hzinnfgrpbZaghfi.mbJisomri'hbansocdamxbhighibqoh
uxbgabzioghbjinfcodi,bu.dbdyibhdackbasbqfgibhzindbz.cybhdmagrimbdyog
fdbivimbdohdij,bogjbhabjfjbdyibhdackbasbm.zbogjbumogjxbogjbogfhiijpbYi
qyfssijbdyibcazla.gjbasbhcigdhboqox,bohbyibl.dbjaqgbyfhbhzakij-a.dblflip

“Xa.bomibsodfr.ij,”bhofjbzojozi,bmofhfgrbyimbrnogcibohbhyibkgaddijbdyi
zagixpb“Dyimibomibagnxbdyib.h.onbaja.mhp”

“Fbozbobnfddnibdfmij,”byimby.huogjbockgaqnijrijp

“Xa.bomibobnfddnibjilmihhij,bdaa,”bhofjbzojozi,bqyahibw.fckbixihbyoj
givimbuiigbhabfgdigdbagbdyibocca.gdh,bu.dbdyixbyojbyojbobmoxbambdqabsam
yfzpb“Ay,bdyibzig,bdyibzig!”

“U.dbzxbjiom!”buirogbJisomrip

“U.dbzxbjiom!”bmiliodijbzojozi,bgajjfgrbsfmznx;b“u.dbzxbjiom!bXa.bomi
sofgdbasbyiomdbda-gfryd,bzxbjiom!”

“Qinn,bdyig,”bhofjbJisomri,bohbfsbobdya.rydbqimibqm.grba.dbasbyfh
umiohd,b“fdb_fh_bobnagrbdfzip”

“Fdbfhbobnagrbdfzi,”bmiliodijbyfhbqfsi;b“ogjbqyigbfhbfdbgadbobnagrbdfzi?
Vigriogcibogjbmidmfu.dfagbmiw.fmibobnagrbdfzi;bfdbfhbdyibm.nip”

“FdbjaihbgadbdokibobnagrbdfzibdabhdmfkibobzogbqfdybNfrydgfgr,”bhofj
Jisomrip

“Yaqbnagr,”bjizogjijbzojozi,bcazlahijnx,b“jaihbfdbdokibdabzokibogjbhdami
dyibnfrydgfgr?bDinnbzip”

Jisomribmofhijbyfhbyiojbdya.ryds.nnx,bohbfsbdyimibqimibhazidyfgrbfgbdyod
daap

“Fdbjaihbgadbdokibobnagrbdfzi,”bhofjbzojozi,b“sambogbiomdyw.okibda
hqonnaqbobdaqgpbIybqinn!bDinnbzibyaqbnagrbfdbdokihbdablmilomibdyi
iomdyw.oki?”

“Obnagrbdfzi,bFbh.llahi,”bhofjbJisomrip

“U.dbqyigbfdbfhbmiojx,bfdbdokihblnoci,bogjbrmfgjhbdablficihbivimxdyfgr
uisamibfdpbFgbdyibziogdfzi,bfdbfhbonqoxhblmilomfgr,bdya.rybfdbfhbgad
hiigbambyiomjpbDyodbfhbxa.mbcaghanodfagpbKiilbfdp”

Hyibdfijbobkgadbqfdybsnohyfgrbixih,bohbfsbfdbdymaddnijbobsaip

“Fbdinnbdyii,”bhofjbzojozi,biedigjfgrbyimbmfrydbyogj,bsambizlyohfh,
“dyodbondya.rybfdbfhbobnagrbdfzibagbdyibmaoj,bfdbfhbagbdyibmaojbogj
cazfgrpbFbdinnbdyiibfdbgivimbmidmiodh,bogjbgivimbhdalhpbFbdinnbdyiibfd
fhbonqoxhbojvogcfgrpbNaakboma.gjbogjbcaghfjimbdyibnfvihbasbonnbdyibqamnj
dyodbqibkgaq,bcaghfjimbdyibsocihbasbonnbdyibqamnjbdyodbqibkgaq,bcaghfjim
dyibmoribogjbjfhcagdigdbdabqyfcybdyib ocw.imfibojjmihhihbfdhinsbqfdy
zamibogjbzamibasbcimdofgdxbivimxbya.mpbCogbh.cybdyfgrhbnohd?bUoy!bFbzack
xa.p”

“Zxbumovibqfsi,”bmid.mgijbJisomri,bhdogjfgrbuisamibyimbqfdybyfhbyioj
obnfddnibuigd,bogjbyfhbyogjhbcnohlijbodbyfhbuock,bnfkibobjacfnibogj
oddigdfvibl.lfnbuisamibyfhbcodicyfhd,b“Fbjabgadbw.ihdfagbonnbdyfhpbU.d
fdbyohbnohdijbobnagrbdfzi,bogjbfdbfhblahhfuni--xa.bkgaqbqinn,bzxbqfsi,
fdbfhblahhfuni--dyodbfdbzoxbgadbcazi,bj.mfgrba.mbnfvihp”

“Iybqinn!bYaqbdyig?”bjizogjijbzojozi,bdxfgrbogadyimbkgad,bohbfsbdyimi
qimibogadyimbigizxbhdmogrnijp

“Qinn!”bhofjbJisomri,bqfdybobyonsbcazlnofgfgrbogjbyonsbolanaridfcbhym.rp
“Qibhyonnbgadbhiibdyibdmf.zlyp”

“Qibhyonnbyovibyinlijbfd,”bmid.mgijbzojozi,bqfdybyimbiedigjijbyogjbfg
hdmagrbocdfagpb“Gadyfgrbdyodbqibja,bfhbjagibfgbvofgpbFbuinfivi,bqfdybonn
zxbha.n,bdyodbqibhyonnbhiibdyibdmf.zlypbU.dbivigbfsbgad,bivigbfsbFbkgiq
cimdofgnxbgad,bhyaqbzibdyibgickbasbogbomfhdacmodbogjbdxmogd,bogjbhdfnnbF
qa.nj--”

Dyigbzojozi,bqfdybyimbdiidybhid,bdfijbobvimxbdimmfunibkgadbfgjiijp

“Yanj!”bcmfijbJisomri,bmijjigfgrbobnfddnibohbfsbyibsindbcyomrijbqfdy
caqomjfci;b“Fbdaa,bzxbjiom,bqfnnbhdalbodbgadyfgrp”

“Xih!bU.dbfdbfhbxa.mbqiokgihhbdyodbxa.bhazidfzihbgiijbdabhiibxa.mbvfcdfz
ogjbxa.mballamd.gfdx,bdabh.hdofgbxa.pbH.hdofgbxa.mhinsbqfdya.dbdyodp
Qyigbdyibdfzibcazih,bnidbnaahibobdfrimbogjbobjivfn;bu.dbqofdbsambdyi
dfzibqfdybdyibdfrimbogjbdyibjivfnbcyofgij--gadbhyaqg--xidbonqoxhbmiojxp”

Zojozibigsamcijbdyibcagcn.hfagbasbdyfhblficibasbojvfcibuxbhdmfkfgrbyim
nfddnibca.gdimbqfdybyimbcyofgbasbzagixbohbfsbhyibkgackijbfdhbumofgh
a.d,bogjbdyigbrodyimfgrbdyibyiovxbyogjkimcyfisb.gjimbyimbomzbfgbobhimigi
zoggim,bogjbauhimvfgrbdyodbfdbqohbdfzibdabrabdabuijp

Giedbgaagdfjibhoqbdyibojzfmounibqazogbfgbyimb.h.onblnocibfgbdyi
qfgi-hyal,bkgfddfgrboqoxbohhfj.a.hnxpbObmahibnoxbuihfjibyim,bogjbfsbhyi
gaqbogjbdyigbrnogcijbodbdyibsnaqim,bfdbqohbqfdybgabfgsmocdfagbasbyim
.h.onblmiacc.lfijbofmpbDyimibqimibobsiqbc.hdazimh,bjmfgkfgrbambgad
jmfgkfgr,bhdogjfgrbambhiodij,bhlmfgknijboua.dpbDyibjoxbqohbvimxbyad,
ogjbyiolhbasbsnfih,bqyabqimibiedigjfgrbdyifmbfgw.fhfdfvibogjbojvigd.ma.h
limw.fhfdfaghbfgdabonnbdyibrn.dfga.hbnfddnibrnohhihbgiombzojozi,bsinn
jiojbodbdyibuaddazpbDyifmbjiciohibzojibgabfzlmihhfagbagbdyibadyimbsnfih
a.dblmazigojfgr,bqyabnaakijbodbdyizbfgbdyibcaanihdbzoggimb(ohbfsbdyix
dyizhinvihbqimibinilyogdh,bambhazidyfgrbohbsombmizavij),b.gdfnbdyixbzid
dyibhozibsodipbC.mfa.hbdabcaghfjimbyaqbyiijnihhbsnfihbomi!--limyolhbdyix
dya.rydbohbz.cybodbCa.mdbdyodbh.ggxbh.zzimbjoxp

Obsfr.mibigdimfgrbodbdyibjaambdymiqbobhyojaqbagbZojozibJisomribqyfcybhyi
sindbdabuibobgiqbagipbHyibnofjbjaqgbyimbkgfddfgr,bogjbuirogbdablfgbyim
mahibfgbyimbyioj-jmihh,buisamibhyibnaakijbodbdyibsfr.mip

Fdbqohbc.mfa.hpbDyibzazigdbZojozibJisomribdaakb.lbdyibmahi,bdyi
c.hdazimhbciohijbdonkfgr,bogjbuirogbrmoj.onnxbdabjmalba.dbasbdyi
qfgi-hyalp

“Raajbjox,bzojozi,”bhofjbdyibgiq-cazimp

“Raajbjox,bzaghfi.mp”

Hyibhofjbfdbona.j,bu.dbojjijbdabyimhins,bohbhyibmih.zijbyimbkgfddfgr:
“Yoy!bRaajbjox,boriboua.dbsamdx,byifrydboua.dbsfvibsiidbgfgi,bunock
yofm,brigimonnxbmodyimbyogjhazibvfhori,bcazlniefagbjomk,bixihbjomk,
dyfg,bnagrbogjbhonnaqbsoci,bow.fnfgibgahibu.dbgadbhdmofryd,byovfgrbo
lic.nfombfgcnfgodfagbdaqomjhbdyibnisdbcyiikbqyfcybfzlomdhbobhfgfhdim
ielmihhfag!bRaajbjox,bagibogjbonn!”

“Yovibdyibraajgihhbdabrfvibzibobnfddnibrnohhbasbanjbcargoc,bogjbo
za.dys.nbasbcaanbsmihybqodim,bzojozip”

Zojozibcazlnfijbqfdyboblanfdibofmp

“Zomvinna.hbcargocbdyfh,bzojozi!”

Fdbqohbdyibsfmhdbdfzibfdbyojbivimbuiigbhabcazlnfzigdij,bogjbZojozi
Jisomribkgiqbiga.rybasbfdhbogdicijigdhbdabkgaqbuiddimpbHyibhofj,
yaqivim,bdyodbdyibcargocbqohbsnoddimij,bogjbdaakb.lbyimbkgfddfgrpbDyi
vfhfdambqodcyijbyimbsfgrimhbsambobsiqbzazigdh,bogjbdaakbdyiballamd.gfdx
asbauhimvfgrbdyiblnocibfgbrigimonp

“Xa.bkgfdbqfdybrmiodbhkfnn,bzojozip”

“Fbozbocc.hdazijbdabfdp”

“Oblmiddxbloddimgbdaa!”

“_Xa._bdyfgkbha?”bhofjbzojozi,bnaakfgrbodbyfzbqfdybobhzfnip

“JicfjijnxpbZoxbagibohkbqyodbfdbfhbsam?”

“Lohdfzi,”bhofjbzojozi,bhdfnnbnaakfgrbodbyfzbqfdybobhzfnibqyfnibyim
sfgrimhbzavijbgfzunxp

“Gadbsamb.hi?”

“DyodbjiligjhpbFbzoxbsfgjbob.hibsambfdbagibjoxpbFsbFbja--Qinn,”bhofj
zojozi,bjmoqfgrbobumiodybogjbgajjfgrbyimbyiojbqfdybobhdimgbkfgjbas
caw.idmx,b“F'nnb.hibfd!”

Fdbqohbmizomkouni;bu.d,bdyibdohdibasbHofgdbOgdafgibhiizijbdabui
jicfjijnxballahijbdabobmahibagbdyibyioj-jmihhbasbZojozibJisomripbDqa
zigbyojbigdimijbhilomodinx,bogjbyojbuiigboua.dbdabamjimbjmfgk,bqyig,
codcyfgrbhfrydbasbdyodbgavindx,bdyixbsondimij,bzojiboblmidigcibas
naakfgrboua.dbohbfsbsambhazibsmfigjbqyabqohbgadbdyimi,bogjbqigdboqoxp
Gam,basbdyahibqyabyojbuiigbdyimibqyigbdyfhbvfhfdambigdimij,bqohbdyimi
agibnisdpbDyixbyojbonnbjmallijbasspbDyibhlxbyojbkildbyfhbixihbalig,
u.dbyojbuiigbounibdabjidicdbgabhfrgpbDyixbyojbna.grijboqoxbfgbo
lavimdx-hdmfckig,bl.mlahinihh,boccfjigdonbzoggim,bw.fdibgod.monbogj
.gfzliocyounip

“_ ayg_,”bdya.rydbzojozi,bcyickfgrbassbyimbqamkbohbyimbsfgrimhbkgfddij,
ogjbyimbixihbnaakijbodbdyibhdmogrimpb“Hdoxbnagrbiga.ry,bogjbFbhyonnbkgfd
'UOMHOJ'buisamibxa.brap”

“Xa.byoviboby.huogj,bzojozi?”

“Fbyovip”

“Cyfnjmig?”

“Gabcyfnjmigp”

“U.hfgihhbhiizhbuoj?”

“U.hfgihhbfhbvimxbuoj;bdyiblialnibomibhablaamp”

“Oy,bdyib.gsamd.godi,bzfhimouniblialni!bHaballmihhij,bdaa--ohbxa.bhoxp”

“Ohb_xa._bhox,”bzojozibmidamdij,bcammicdfgrbyfz,bogjbjisdnxbkgfddfgrbog
iedmobhazidyfgrbfgdabyfhbgozibdyodbuajijbyfzbgabraajp

“Lomjagbzi;bcimdofgnxbfdbqohbFbqyabhofjbha,bu.dbxa.bgod.monnxbdyfgkbhap
Asbca.mhip”

“_F_bdyfgk?”bmid.mgijbzojozi,bfgbobyfrybvafcipb“Fbogjbzxby.huogjbyovi
iga.rybdabjabdabkiilbdyfhbqfgi-hyalbalig,bqfdya.dbdyfgkfgrpbOnnbqi
dyfgk,byimi,bfhbyaqbdabnfvipbDyodbfhbdyibh.u icdb_qi_bdyfgkbas,bogj
fdbrfvihb.h,bsmazbzamgfgrbdabgfryd,biga.rybdabdyfgkboua.d,bqfdya.d
izuommohhfgrba.mbyiojhbcagcimgfgrbadyimhpb_F_bdyfgkbsambadyimh?bGa,bgap”

Dyibhlx,bqyabqohbdyimibdablfckb.lbogxbcm.zuhbyibca.njbsfgjbambzoki,bjfj
gadbonnaqbyfhbuossnijbhdodibdabielmihhbfdhinsbfgbyfhbhfgfhdimbsoci;bu.d,
hdaajbqfdybogbofmbasbrahhflfgrbronnogdmx,bniogfgrbyfhbinuaqbagbZojozi
Jisomri'hbnfddnibca.gdim,bogjbaccohfagonnxbhfllfgrbyfhbcargocp

“Obuojbu.hfgihhbdyfh,bzojozi,basbRohlomj'hbieic.dfagpbOy!bdyiblaam
Rohlomj!”bQfdybobhfrybasbrmiodbcazlohhfagp

“Zxbsofdy!”bmid.mgijbzojozi,bcaannxbogjbnfrydnx,b“fsblialnib.hibkgfvih
sambh.cybl.mlahih,bdyixbyovibdabloxbsambfdpbYibkgiqbuisamiyogjbqyodbdyi
lmfcibasbyfhbn.e.mxbqoh;byibyohblofjbdyiblmfcip”

“Fbuinfivi,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bjmallfgrbyfhbhasdbvafcibdabobdagi
dyodbfgvfdijbcagsfjigci,bogjbielmihhfgrbogbfg .mijbmivan.dfagomx
h.hcildfufnfdxbfgbivimxbz.hcnibasbyfhbqfckijbsoci:b“Fbuinfivibdyimi
fhbz.cybcazlohhfagbogjbogrimbfgbdyfhbgifryua.myaaj,bda.cyfgrbdyiblaam
sinnaq?bUidqiigba.mhinvihp”

“Fhbdyimi?”bohkijbzojozi,bvocogdnxp

“Fhbdyimibgad?”

“--Yimibfhbzxby.huogj!”bhofjbZojozibJisomrip

Ohbdyibkiilimbasbdyibqfgi-hyalbigdimijbodbdyibjaam,bdyibhlxbhon.dij
yfzbuxbda.cyfgrbyfhbyod,bogjbhoxfgr,bqfdybogbigrorfgrbhzfni,b“Raajbjox,
 ocw.ih!”bJisomribhdallijbhyamd,bogjbhdomijbodbyfzp

“Raajbjox,b ocw.ih!”bdyibhlxbmiliodij;bqfdybgadbw.fdibhabz.cy
cagsfjigci,bambw.fdibhabiohxbobhzfnib.gjimbdyibhdomip

“Xa.bjicifvibxa.mhins,bzaghfi.m,”bmid.mgijbdyibkiilimbasbdyibqfgi-hyalp
“Xa.bzfhdokibzibsambogadyimpbDyodbfhbgadbzxbgozipbFbozbImgihdbJisomrip”

“Fdbfhbonnbdyibhozi,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bofmfnx,bu.dbjfhcazsfdijbdaa:b“raaj
jox!”

“Raajbjox!”boghqimijbJisomri,bjmfnxp

“Fbqohbhoxfgrbdabzojozi,bqfdybqyazbFbyojbdyiblnioh.mibasbcyoddfgrbqyig
xa.bigdimij,bdyodbdyixbdinnbzibdyimibfh--ogjbgabqagjim!--z.cybhxzlodyx
ogjbogrimbfgbHofgdbOgdafgi,bda.cyfgrbdyib.gyollxbsodibasblaambRohlomjp”

“Gabagibyohbdanjbzibha,”bhofjbJisomri,bhyokfgrbyfhbyiojpb“Fbkgaqbgadyfgr
asbfdp”

Yovfgrbhofjbfd,byiblohhijbuiyfgjbdyibnfddnibca.gdim,bogjbhdaajbqfdybyfh
yogjbagbdyibuockbasbyfhbqfsi'hbcyofm,bnaakfgrbavimbdyodbuommfimbodbdyi
limhagbdabqyazbdyixbqimibuadyballahij,bogjbqyazbifdyimbasbdyizbqa.nj
yovibhyadbqfdybdyibrmiodihdbhodfhsocdfagp

Dyibhlx,bqinnb.hijbdabyfhbu.hfgihh,bjfjbgadbcyogribyfhb.gcaghcfa.h
oddfd.ji,bu.dbjmofgijbyfhbnfddnibrnohhbasbcargoc,bdaakbobhflbasbsmihy
qodim,bogjbohkijbsambogadyimbrnohhbasbcargocpbZojozibJisomribla.mijbfd
a.dbsambyfz,bdaakbdabyimbkgfddfgrborofg,bogjby.zzijbobnfddnibhagrbavim
fdp

“Xa.bhiizbdabkgaqbdyfhbw.omdimbqinn;bdyodbfhbdabhox,buiddimbdyogbFbja?”
bauhimvijbJisomrip

“Gadbodbonn,bu.dbFbyalibdabkgaqbfdbuiddimpbFbozbhablmasa.gjnxbfgdimihdij
fgbfdhbzfhimounibfgyoufdogdhp”

“Yoy!”bz.ddimijbJisomrip

“Dyiblnioh.mibasbcagvimhfgrbqfdybxa.,bZaghfi.mbJisomri,bmiconnhbdabzi,”
bl.mh.ijbdyibhlx,b“dyodbFbyovibdyibyaga.mbasbcyimfhyfgrbhazibfgdimihdfgr
ohhacfodfaghbqfdybxa.mbgozip”

“Fgjiij!”bhofjbJisomri,bqfdybz.cybfgjfssimigcip

“Xih,bfgjiijpbQyigbJacdambZogiddibqohbminiohij,bxa.,byfhbanjbjazihdfc,
yojbdyibcyomribasbyfz,bFbkgaqpbYibqohbjinfvimijbdabxa.pbXa.bhiibFboz
fgsamzijbasbdyibcfmc.zhdogcih?”

“H.cybfhbdyibsocd,bcimdofgnx,”bhofjbJisomripbYibyojbyojbfdbcagvixij
dabyfz,bfgbogboccfjigdonbda.cybasbyfhbqfsi'hbinuaqbohbhyibkgfddijbogj
qomunij,bdyodbyibqa.njbjabuihdbdaboghqim,bu.dbonqoxhbqfdybumivfdxp

“Fdbqohbdabxa.,”bhofjbdyibhlx,b“dyodbyfhbjo.rydimbcozi;bogjbfdbqoh
smazbxa.mbcomibdyodbyfhbjo.rydimbdaakbyfz,boccazlogfijbuxbobgiodbumaqg
zaghfi.m;byaqbfhbyibconnij?--fgbobnfddnibqfr--Nammx--asbdyibuogkbas
DinnhagbogjbCazlogx--avimbdabIgrnogjp”

“H.cybfhbdyibsocd,”bmiliodijbJisomrip

“Vimxbfgdimihdfgrbmizizumogcih!”bhofjbdyibhlxpb“FbyovibkgaqgbJacdam
Zogiddibogjbyfhbjo.rydim,bfgbIgrnogjp”

“Xih?”bhofjbJisomrip

“Xa.bjag'dbyiombz.cyboua.dbdyizbgaq?”bhofjbdyibhlxp

“Ga,”bhofjbJisomrip

“Fgbissicd,”bzojozibhdm.ckbfg,bnaakfgrb.lbsmazbyimbqamkbogjbyimbnfddni
hagr,b“qibgivimbyiomboua.dbdyizpbQibmicifvijbdyibgiqhbasbdyifmbhosi
ommfvon,bogjblimyolhbogadyimbniddim,bamblimyolhbdqa;bu.d,bhfgcibdyig,
dyixbyovibrmoj.onnxbdokigbdyifmbmaojbfgbnfsi--qi,ba.mh--ogjbqibyovibyinj
gabcammihlagjigcip”

“Limsicdnxbha,bzojozi,”bmilnfijbdyibhlxpb“Hyibfhbrafgrbdabuibzommfijp”

“Rafgr?”bicyaijbzojozipb“Hyibqohblmiddxbiga.rybdabyovibuiigbzommfijbnagr
orapbXa.bIgrnfhybomibcanj,bfdbhiizhbdabzip”

“Ay!bXa.bkgaqbFbozbIgrnfhyp”

“Fblimcifvibxa.mbdagr.ibfh,”bmid.mgijbzojozi;b“ogjbqyodbdyibdagr.ibfh,bF
h.llahibdyibzogbfhp”

Yibjfjbgadbdokibdyibfjigdfsfcodfagbohbobcazlnfzigd;bu.dbyibzojibdyibuihd
asbfd,bogjbd.mgijbfdbassbqfdybobno.rypbOsdimbhfllfgrbyfhbcargocbdabdyi
igj,byibojjij:

“Xih,bZfhhbZogiddibfhbrafgrbdabuibzommfijpbU.dbgadbdabogbIgrnfhyzog;bda
agibqya,bnfkibyimhins,bfhbSmigcybuxbufmdypbOgjbhliokfgrbasbRohlomjb(oy,
laambRohlomj!bFdbqohbcm.in,bcm.in!),bfdbfhbobc.mfa.hbdyfgrbdyodbhyibfh
rafgrbdabzommxbdyibgilyiqbasbZaghfi.mbdyibZomw.fh,bsambqyazbRohlomj
qohbieondijbdabdyodbyifrydbasbhabzogxbsiid;bfgbadyimbqamjh,bdyiblmihigd
Zomw.fhpbU.dbyibnfvihb.gkgaqgbfgbIgrnogj,byibfhbgabZomw.fhbdyimi;byibfh
ZmpbCyomnihbJomgoxpbJ'O.ngofhbfhbdyibgozibasbyfhbzadyim'hbsozfnxp”

ZojozibJisomribkgfddijbhdiojfnx,bu.dbdyibfgdinnfrigcibyojboblonlouni
issicdb.lagbyimby.huogjpbJabqyodbyibqa.nj,buiyfgjbdyibnfddnibca.gdim,
ohbdabdyibhdmfkfgrbasbobnfrydbogjbdyibnfrydfgrbasbyfhblfli,byibqoh
dma.unij,bogjbyfhbyogjbqohbgadbdm.hdqamdyxpbDyibhlxbqa.njbyovibuiigbga
hlxbfsbyibyojbsofnijbdabhiibfd,bambdabmicamjbfdbfgbyfhbzfgjp

Yovfgrbzoji,bodbniohd,bdyfhbagibyfd,bqyodivimbfdbzfrydblmavibdabui
qamdy,bogjbgabc.hdazimhbcazfgrbfgbdabyinlbyfzbdabogxbadyim,bZmpbUomhoj
lofjbsambqyodbyibyojbjm.gk,bogjbdaakbyfhbniovi:bdokfgrbaccohfagbdabhox,
fgbobrigdiinbzoggim,buisamibyibjilomdij,bdyodbyibnaakijbsamqomjbdabdyi
lnioh.mibasbhiifgrbZaghfi.mbogjbZojozibJisomriborofgpbSambhazibzfg.dih
osdimbyibyojbizimrijbfgdabdyiba.dimblmihigcibasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bdyi
y.huogjbogjbqfsibmizofgijbieocdnxbohbyibyojbnisdbdyiz,bnihdbyibhya.nj
cazibuockp

“Cogbfdbuibdm.i,”bhofjbJisomri,bfgbobnaqbvafci,bnaakfgrbjaqgbodbyfhbqfsi
ohbyibhdaajbhzakfgrbqfdybyfhbyogjbagbdyibuockbasbyimbcyofm:b“qyodbyibyoh
hofjbasbZo'ozhinnibZogiddi?”

“Ohbyibyohbhofjbfd,”bmid.mgijbzojozi,bnfsdfgrbyimbixiumaqhbobnfddni,b“fd
fhblmauounxbsonhipbU.dbfdbzoxbuibdm.ip”

“Fsbfdbfh--”bJisomribuirog,bogjbhdallijp

“Fsbfdbfh?”bmiliodijbyfhbqfsip

“--Ogjbfsbfdbjaihbcazi,bqyfnibqibnfvibdabhiibfdbdmf.zly--Fbyali,bsambyim
hoki,bJihdfgxbqfnnbkiilbyimby.huogjba.dbasbSmogcip”

“Yimby.huogj'hbjihdfgx,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bqfdybyimb.h.onbcazlah.mi,
“qfnnbdokibyfzbqyimibyibfhbdabra,bogjbqfnnbniojbyfzbdabdyibigjbdyodbfh
dabigjbyfzpbDyodbfhbonnbFbkgaqp”

“U.dbfdbfhbvimxbhdmogri--gaq,bodbniohd,bfhbfdbgadbvimxbhdmogri”--hofj
Jisomri,bmodyimblniojfgrbqfdybyfhbqfsibdabfgj.cibyimbdabojzfdbfd,
“dyod,bosdimbonnba.mbhxzlodyxbsambZaghfi.mbyimbsodyim,bogjbyimhins,byim
y.huogj'hbgozibhya.njbuiblmahcmfuijb.gjimbxa.mbyogjbodbdyfhbzazigd,bux
dyibhfjibasbdyodbfgsimgonbjar'hbqyabyohb .hdbnisdb.h?”

“Hdmogrimbdyfgrhbdyogbdyodbqfnnbyolligbqyigbfdbjaihbcazi,”boghqimij
zojozipb“Fbyovibdyizbuadybyimi,basbobcimdofgdx;bogjbdyixbomibuadybyimi
sambdyifmbzimfdh;bdyodbfhbiga.ryp”

Hyibmannijb.lbyimbkgfddfgrbqyigbhyibyojbhofjbdyahibqamjh,bogjblmihigdnx
daakbdyibmahiba.dbasbdyibyogjkimcyfisbdyodbqohbqa.gjboua.dbyimbyiojp
IfdyimbHofgdbOgdafgibyojbogbfghdfgcdfvibhighibdyodbdyibau icdfagouni
jicamodfagbqohbragi,bambHofgdbOgdafgibqohbagbdyibqodcybsambfdh
jfholliomogci;byaquifd,bdyibHofgdbdaakbca.moribdabna.gribfg,bvimx
hyamdnxbosdimqomjh,bogjbdyibqfgi-hyalbmicavimijbfdhbyoufd.onbohlicdp

Fgbdyibivigfgr,bodbqyfcybhiohagbasbonnbadyimhbHofgdbOgdafgibd.mgij
yfzhinsbfghfjiba.d,bogjbhodbagbjaam-hdilhbogjbqfgjaq-nijrih,bogjbcozi
dabdyibcamgimhbasbvfnibhdmiidhbogjbca.mdh,bsambobumiodybasbofm,bZojozi
Jisomribqfdybyimbqamkbfgbyimbyogjbqohbocc.hdazijbdablohhbsmazblnoci
dablnocibogjbsmazbrma.lbdabrma.l:bobZfhhfagomx--dyimibqimibzogxbnfki
yim--h.cybohbdyibqamnjbqfnnbjabqinnbgivimbdabumiijborofgpbOnnbdyibqazig
kgfddijpbDyixbkgfddijbqamdynihhbdyfgrh;bu.d,bdyibzicyogfconbqamkbqohbo
zicyogfconbh.uhdfd.dibsambiodfgrbogjbjmfgkfgr;bdyibyogjhbzavijbsambdyi
 oqhbogjbdyibjfrihdfvibollomod.h:bfsbdyibuagxbsfgrimhbyojbuiigbhdfnn,
dyibhdazocyhbqa.njbyovibuiigbzamibsozfgi-lfgcyijp

U.d,bohbdyibsfgrimhbqigd,bdyibixihbqigd,bogjbdyibdya.rydhpbOgjbohbZojozi
Jisomribzavijbagbsmazbrma.lbdabrma.l,bonnbdymiibqigdbw.fckimbogjbsfimcim
ozagrbivimxbnfddnibkgadbasbqazigbdyodbhyibyojbhlakigbqfdy,bogjbnisd
uiyfgjp

Yimby.huogjbhzakijbodbyfhbjaam,bnaakfgrbosdimbyimbqfdybojzfmodfagpb“O
rmiodbqazog,”bhofjbyi,b“obhdmagrbqazog,bobrmogjbqazog,bobsmfryds.nnx
rmogjbqazog!”

Jomkgihhbcnahijboma.gj,bogjbdyigbcozibdyibmfgrfgrbasbcy.mcybuinnhbogj
dyibjfhdogdbuiodfgrbasbdyibzfnfdomxbjm.zhbfgbdyibLonocibCa.mdxomj,boh
dyibqazigbhodbkgfddfgr,bkgfddfgrpbJomkgihhbigcazlohhijbdyizpbOgadyim
jomkgihhbqohbcnahfgrbfgbohbh.minx,bqyigbdyibcy.mcybuinnh,bdyigbmfgrfgr
lniohogdnxbfgbzogxbogbofmxbhdiilnibavimbSmogci,bhya.njbuibzindijbfgda
dy.gjimfgrbcoggag;bqyigbdyibzfnfdomxbjm.zhbhya.njbuibuiodfgrbdabjmaqgbo
qmidcyijbvafci,bdyodbgfrydbonnbladigdbohbdyibvafcibasbLaqimbogjbLnigdx,
SmiijazbogjbNfsipbHabz.cybqohbcnahfgrbfgboua.dbdyibqazigbqyabhod
kgfddfgr,bkgfddfgr,bdyodbdyixbdyifmbvimxbhinvihbqimibcnahfgrbfgboma.gj
obhdm.cd.mibxidb.gu.fnd,bqyimibdyixbqimibdabhfdbkgfddfgr,bkgfddfgr,
ca.gdfgrbjmallfgrbyiojhp




EVFFpbAgibGfryd


Givimbjfjbdyibh.gbrabjaqgbqfdybobumfrydimbrnamxbagbdyibw.fidbcamgimbfg
Haya,bdyogbagibzizamounibivigfgrbqyigbdyibJacdambogjbyfhbjo.rydimbhod
.gjimbdyiblnogi-dmiibdaridyimpbGivimbjfjbdyibzaagbmfhibqfdybobzfnjim
mojfogcibavimbrmiodbNagjag,bdyogbagbdyodbgfrydbqyigbfdbsa.gjbdyizbhdfnn
hiodijb.gjimbdyibdmii,bogjbhyagib.lagbdyifmbsocihbdyma.rybfdhbniovihp

N.cfibqohbdabuibzommfijbda-zammaqpbHyibyojbmihimvijbdyfhbnohdbivigfgr
sambyimbsodyim,bogjbdyixbhodbonagib.gjimbdyiblnogi-dmiip

“Xa.bomibyollx,bzxbjiombsodyim?”

“W.fdi,bzxbcyfnjp”

Dyixbyojbhofjbnfddni,bdya.rybdyixbyojbuiigbdyimibobnagrbdfzipbQyigbfd
qohbxidbnfrydbiga.rybdabqamkbogjbmioj,bhyibyojbgifdyimbigrorijbyimhins
fgbyimb.h.onbqamk,bgambyojbhyibmiojbdabyfzpbHyibyojbizlnaxijbyimhinsbfg
uadybqoxh,bodbyfhbhfjib.gjimbdyibdmii,bzogxbogjbzogxbobdfzi;bu.d,bdyfh
dfzibqohbgadbw.fdibnfkibogxbadyim,bogjbgadyfgrbca.njbzokibfdbhap

“OgjbFbozbvimxbyollxbda-gfryd,bjiombsodyimpbFbozbjiilnxbyollxbfgbdyi
navibdyodbYiovigbyohbhabunihhij--zxbnavibsambCyomnih,bogjbCyomnih'hbnavi
sambzipbU.d,bfsbzxbnfsibqimibgadbdabuibhdfnnbcaghicmodijbdabxa.,bam
fsbzxbzommforibqimibhabommogrijbohbdyodbfdbqa.njblomdb.h,bivigbux
dyibnigrdybasbobsiqbasbdyihibhdmiidh,bFbhya.njbuibzamib.gyollxbogj
hins-milmaocys.nbgaqbdyogbFbcogbdinnbxa.pbIvigbohbfdbfh--”

Ivigbohbfdbqoh,bhyibca.njbgadbcazzogjbyimbvafcip

Fgbdyibhojbzaagnfryd,bhyibcnohlijbyfzbuxbdyibgick,bogjbnofjbyimbsoci
.lagbyfhbumiohdpbFgbdyibzaagnfrydbqyfcybfhbonqoxhbhoj,bohbdyibnfrydbas
dyibh.gbfdhinsbfh--ohbdyibnfrydbconnijby.zogbnfsibfh--odbfdhbcazfgrbogj
fdhbrafgrp

“Jiomihdbjiom!bCogbxa.bdinnbzi,bdyfhbnohdbdfzi,bdyodbxa.bsiinbw.fdi,
w.fdibh.mi,bgabgiqbossicdfaghbasbzfgi,bogjbgabgiqbj.dfihbasbzfgi,bqfnn
ivimbfgdimlahibuidqiigb.h?b_F_bkgaqbfdbqinn,bu.dbjabxa.bkgaqbfd?bFgbxa.m
aqgbyiomd,bjabxa.bsiinbw.fdibcimdofg?”

Yimbsodyimboghqimij,bqfdybobcyiims.nbsfmzgihhbasbcagvfcdfagbyibca.nj
hcomcinxbyovibohh.zij,b“W.fdibh.mi,bzxbjomnfgr!bZamibdyogbdyod,”byi
ojjij,bohbyibdigjimnxbkfhhijbyim:b“zxbs.d.mibfhbsombumfrydim,bN.cfi,
hiigbdyma.rybxa.mbzommfori,bdyogbfdbca.njbyovibuiig--gox,bdyogbfdbivim
qoh--qfdya.dbfdp”

“FsbFbca.njbyalib_dyod_,bzxbsodyim!--”

“Uinfivibfd,bnavi!bFgjiijbfdbfhbhapbCaghfjimbyaqbgod.monbogjbyaqblnofg
fdbfh,bzxbjiom,bdyodbfdbhya.njbuibhapbXa.,bjivadijbogjbxa.gr,bcoggad
s.nnxbollmicfodibdyibogefidxbFbyovibsindbdyodbxa.mbnfsibhya.njbgadbui
qohdij--”

Hyibzavijbyimbyogjbdaqomjhbyfhbnflh,bu.dbyibdaakbfdbfgbyfh,bogjbmiliodij
dyibqamjp

“--qohdij,bzxbcyfnj--hya.njbgadbuibqohdij,bhdm.ckbohfjibsmazbdyi
god.monbamjimbasbdyfgrh--sambzxbhokipbXa.mb.ghinsfhygihhbcoggadbigdfminx
cazlmiyigjbyaqbz.cybzxbzfgjbyohbragibagbdyfh;bu.d,bagnxbohkbxa.mhins,
yaqbca.njbzxbyollfgihhbuiblimsicd,bqyfnibxa.mhbqohbfgcazlnidi?”

“FsbFbyojbgivimbhiigbCyomnih,bzxbsodyim,bFbhya.njbyovibuiigbw.fdibyollx
qfdybxa.p”

Yibhzfnijbodbyimb.gcaghcfa.hbojzfhhfagbdyodbhyibqa.njbyovibuiigb.gyollx
qfdya.dbCyomnih,byovfgrbhiigbyfz;bogjbmilnfij:

“Zxbcyfnj,bxa.bjfjbhiibyfz,bogjbfdbfhbCyomnihpbFsbfdbyojbgadbuiig
Cyomnih,bfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbogadyimpbAm,bfsbfdbyojbuiigbgabadyim,bF
hya.njbyovibuiigbdyibco.hi,bogjbdyigbdyibjomkblomdbasbzxbnfsibqa.njbyovi
cohdbfdhbhyojaqbuixagjbzxhins,bogjbqa.njbyovibsonnigbagbxa.p”

Fdbqohbdyibsfmhdbdfzi,biecildbodbdyibdmfon,basbyimbivimbyiomfgrbyfz
misimbdabdyiblimfajbasbyfhbh.ssimfgrpbFdbrovibyimbobhdmogribogjbgiq
highodfagbqyfnibyfhbqamjhbqimibfgbyimbiomh;bogjbhyibmizizuimijbfdbnagr
osdimqomjhp

“Hii!”bhofjbdyibJacdambasbUio.vofh,bmofhfgrbyfhbyogjbdaqomjhbdyibzaagp
“Fbyovibnaakijbodbyimbsmazbzxblmfhag-qfgjaq,bqyigbFbca.njbgadbuiombyim
nfrydpbFbyovibnaakijbodbyimbqyigbfdbyohbuiigbh.cybdamd.mibdabzibdabdyfgk
asbyimbhyfgfgrb.lagbqyodbFbyojbnahd,bdyodbFbyovibuiodigbzxbyiojborofghd
zxblmfhag-qonnhpbFbyovibnaakijbodbyim,bfgbobhdodibhabj.nnbogjbnidyomrfc,
dyodbFbyovibdya.rydbasbgadyfgrbu.dbdyibg.zuimbasbyamftagdonbnfgihbF
ca.njbjmoqbocmahhbyimbodbdyibs.nn,bogjbdyibg.zuimbasblimligjfc.nombnfgih
qfdybqyfcybFbca.njbfgdimhicdbdyizp”bYibojjijbfgbyfhbfgqomjbogjblagjimfgr
zoggim,bohbyibnaakijbodbdyibzaag,b“Fdbqohbdqigdxbifdyimbqox,bFbmizizuim,
ogjbdyibdqigdfidybqohbjfssfc.ndbdabhw.iitibfgp”

Dyibhdmogribdymfnnbqfdybqyfcybhyibyiomjbyfzbrabuockbdabdyodbdfzi,
jiiligijbohbyibjqindb.lagbfd;bu.d,bdyimibqohbgadyfgrbdabhyackbyimbfg
dyibzoggimbasbyfhbmisimigcipbYibagnxbhiizijbdabcagdmohdbyfhblmihigd
cyiims.ngihhbogjbsinfcfdxbqfdybdyibjfmibigj.mogcibdyodbqohbavimp

“Fbyovibnaakijbodbyim,bhlic.nodfgrbdya.hogjhbasbdfzihb.lagbdyib.guamg
cyfnjbsmazbqyazbFbyojbuiigbmigdpbQyidyimbfdbqohbonfvipbQyidyimbfdbyoj
uiigbuamgbonfvi,bambdyiblaambzadyim'hbhyackbyojbkfnnijbfdpbQyidyimbfd
qohbobhagbqyabqa.njbhazibjoxbovigribyfhbsodyimpb(Dyimibqohbobdfzibfgbzx
fzlmfhagzigd,bqyigbzxbjihfmibsambvigriogcibqohb.guiomounip)bQyidyimbfd
qohbobhagbqyabqa.njbgivimbkgaqbyfhbsodyim'hbhdamx;bqyabzfrydbivigbnfvi
dabqifrybdyiblahhfufnfdxbasbyfhbsodyim'hbyovfgrbjfholliomijbasbyfhbaqg
qfnnbogjbocdpbQyidyimbfdbqohbobjo.rydimbqyabqa.njbrmaqbdabuibobqazogp”

Hyibjmiqbcnahimbdabyfz,bogjbkfhhijbyfhbcyiikbogjbyfhbyogjp

“Fbyoviblfcd.mijbzxbjo.rydim,bdabzxhins,bohblimsicdnxbsamrids.nbas
zi--modyim,bondaridyimbfrgamogdbasbzi,bogjb.gcaghcfa.hbasbzipbFbyovi
cohdb.lbdyibxiomhbasbyimbori,bxiombosdimbxiompbFbyovibhiigbyimbzommfij
dabobzogbqyabkgiqbgadyfgrbasbzxbsodipbFbyovibondaridyimblimfhyijbsmaz
dyibmizizumogcibasbdyibnfvfgr,bogjbfgbdyibgiedbrigimodfagbzxblnocibqohbo
unogkp”

“Zxbsodyim!bIvigbdabyiombdyodbxa.byojbh.cybdya.rydhbasbobjo.rydimbqya
givimbiefhdij,bhdmfkihbdabzxbyiomdbohbfsbFbyojbuiigbdyodbcyfnjp”

“Xa.,bN.cfi?bFdbfhba.dbasbdyibCaghanodfagbogjbmihdamodfagbxa.byovi
uma.rydbdabzi,bdyodbdyihibmizizumogcihbomfhi,bogjblohhbuidqiigb.hbogj
dyibzaagbagbdyfhbnohdbgfrydp--QyodbjfjbFbhoxb .hdbgaq?”

“Hyibkgiqbgadyfgrbasbxa.pbHyibcomijbgadyfgrbsambxa.p”

“Ha!bU.dbagbadyimbzaagnfrydbgfrydh,bqyigbdyibhojgihhbogjbdyibhfnigci
yovibda.cyijbzibfgbobjfssimigdbqox--yovibossicdijbzibqfdybhazidyfgrboh
nfkibobhammaqs.nbhighibasblioci,bohbogxbizadfagbdyodbyojblofgbsambfdh
sa.gjodfaghbca.nj--Fbyovibfzorfgijbyimbohbcazfgrbdabzibfgbzxbcinn,bogj
niojfgrbziba.dbfgdabdyibsmiijazbuixagjbdyibsamdmihhpbFbyovibhiigbyim
fzoribfgbdyibzaagnfrydbasdig,bohbFbgaqbhiibxa.;biecildbdyodbFbgivimbyinj
yimbfgbzxbomzh;bfdbhdaajbuidqiigbdyibnfddnibrmodijbqfgjaqbogjbdyibjaamp
U.d,bxa.b.gjimhdogjbdyodbdyodbqohbgadbdyibcyfnjbFbozbhliokfgrbas?”

“Dyibsfr.mibqohbgad;bdyi--dyi--fzori;bdyibsogcx?”

“GapbDyodbqohbogadyimbdyfgrpbFdbhdaajbuisamibzxbjfhd.muijbhighibas
hfryd,bu.dbfdbgivimbzavijpbDyiblyogdazbdyodbzxbzfgjbl.mh.ij,bqohbogadyim
ogjbzamibmionbcyfnjpbAsbyimba.dqomjbolliomogcibFbkgaqbgabzamibdyog
dyodbhyibqohbnfkibyimbzadyimpbDyibadyimbyojbdyodbnfkigihhbdaa--ohbxa.
yovi--u.dbqohbgadbdyibhozipbCogbxa.bsannaqbzi,bN.cfi?bYomjnx,bFbdyfgk?
Fbja.udbxa.bz.hdbyovibuiigbobhanfdomxblmfhagimbdab.gjimhdogjbdyihi
limlnieijbjfhdfgcdfaghp”

Yfhbcannicdijbogjbconzbzoggimbca.njbgadblmivigdbyimbunaajbsmazbm.ggfgr
canj,bohbyibdy.hbdmfijbdabogodazfhibyfhbanjbcagjfdfagp

“Fgbdyodbzamibliocis.nbhdodi,bFbyovibfzorfgijbyim,bfgbdyibzaagnfryd,
cazfgrbdabzibogjbdokfgrbziba.dbdabhyaqbzibdyodbdyibyazibasbyimbzommfij
nfsibqohbs.nnbasbyimbnavfgrbmizizumogcibasbyimbnahdbsodyimpbZxblfcd.mi
qohbfgbyimbmaaz,bogjbFbqohbfgbyimblmoximhpbYimbnfsibqohbocdfvi,
cyiims.n,b.his.n;bu.dbzxblaambyfhdamxblimvojijbfdbonnp”

“Fbqohbdyodbcyfnj,bzxbsodyim,bFbqohbgadbyonsbhabraaj,bu.dbfgbzxbnavi
dyodbqohbFp”

“Ogjbhyibhyaqijbzibyimbcyfnjmig,”bhofjbdyibJacdambasbUio.vofh,b“ogj
dyixbyojbyiomjbasbzi,bogjbyojbuiigbdo.rydbdablfdxbzipbQyigbdyixblohhij
oblmfhagbasbdyibHdodi,bdyixbkildbsombsmazbfdhbsmaqgfgrbqonnh,bogjbnaakij
.lbodbfdhbuomh,bogjbhlakibfgbqyfhlimhpbHyibca.njbgivimbjinfvimbzi;bF
fzorfgijbdyodbhyibonqoxhbuma.rydbzibuockbosdimbhyaqfgrbzibh.cybdyfgrhp
U.dbdyig,bunihhijbqfdybdyibminfisbasbdiomh,bFbsinnb.lagbzxbkgiih,bogj
unihhijbyimp”

“Fbozbdyodbcyfnj,bFbyali,bzxbsodyimpbAbzxbjiom,bzxbjiom,bqfnnbxa.bunihh
zibohbsimvigdnxbda-zammaq?”

“N.cfi,bFbmiconnbdyihibanjbdma.unihbfgbdyibmiohagbdyodbFbyovibda-gfryd
sambnavfgrbxa.buiddimbdyogbqamjhbcogbdinn,bogjbdyogkfgrbRajbsambzxbrmiod
yollfgihhpbZxbdya.rydh,bqyigbdyixbqimibqfnjihd,bgivimbmahibgiombdyi
yollfgihhbdyodbFbyovibkgaqgbqfdybxa.,bogjbdyodbqibyovibuisamib.hp”

Yibizumocijbyim,bhanizgnxbcazzigjijbyimbdabYiovig,bogjby.zunxbdyogkij
YiovigbsambyovfgrbuihdaqijbyimbagbyfzpbUx-ogj-uxi,bdyixbqigdbfgdabdyi
ya.hip

Dyimibqohbgabagibufjjigbdabdyibzommforibu.dbZmpbNammx;bdyimibqohbivigbda
uibgabumfjihzofjbu.dbdyibro.gdbZfhhbLmahhpbDyibzommforibqohbdabzokibga
cyogribfgbdyifmblnocibasbmihfjigci;bdyixbyojbuiigbounibdabiedigjbfd,
uxbdokfgrbdabdyizhinvihbdyib.llimbmaazhbsamzimnxbuinagrfgrbdabdyi
olacmxlyonbfgvfhfunibnajrim,bogjbdyixbjihfmijbgadyfgrbzamip

JacdambZogiddibqohbvimxbcyiims.nbodbdyibnfddnibh.llimpbDyixbqimibagnx
dymiibodbdouni,bogjbZfhhbLmahhbzojibdyibdyfmjpbYibmirmiddijbdyodbCyomnih
qohbgadbdyimi;bqohbzamibdyogbyonsbjfhlahijbdabau icdbdabdyibnavfgr
nfddniblnadbdyodbkildbyfzboqox;bogjbjmogkbdabyfzbossicdfagodinxp

Ha,bdyibdfzibcozibsambyfzbdabufjbN.cfibraajbgfryd,bogjbdyixbhilomodijp
U.d,bfgbdyibhdfnngihhbasbdyibdyfmjbya.mbasbdyibzamgfgr,bN.cfibcozi
jaqghdofmhborofg,bogjbhdanibfgdabyfhbmaaz;bgadbsmiibsmazb.ghyolijbsiomh,
uisamiyogjp

Onnbdyfgrh,byaqivim,bqimibfgbdyifmblnocih;bonnbqohbw.fid;bogjbyibnox
ohniil,byfhbqyfdibyofmblfcd.mihw.ibagbdyib.gdma.unijblfnnaq,bogjbyfh
yogjhbnxfgrbw.fidbagbdyibcavimnidpbHyibl.dbyimbgiijnihhbcogjnibfgbdyi
hyojaqbodbobjfhdogci,bcmildb.lbdabyfhbuij,bogjbl.dbyimbnflhbdabyfh;
dyig,bniogijbavimbyfz,bogjbnaakijbodbyfzp

Fgdabyfhbyogjhazibsoci,bdyibufddimbqodimhbasbcoldfvfdxbyojbqamg;bu.d,byi
cavimijb.lbdyifmbdmockhbqfdybobjidimzfgodfagbhabhdmagr,bdyodbyibyinjbdyi
zohdimxbasbdyizbivigbfgbyfhbhniilpbObzamibmizomkounibsocibfgbfdhbw.fid,
mihan.di,bogjbr.omjijbhdm.rrnibqfdybogb.ghiigbohhofnogd,bqohbgadbdabui
uiyinjbfgbonnbdyibqfjibjazfgfaghbasbhniil,bdyodbgfrydp

Hyibdfzfjnxbnofjbyimbyogjbagbyfhbjiombumiohd,bogjbl.db.lboblmoximbdyod
hyibzfrydbivimbuibohbdm.ibdabyfzbohbyimbnavibohlfmijbdabui,bogjbohbyfh
hammaqhbjihimvijpbDyig,bhyibqfdyjmiqbyimbyogj,bogjbkfhhijbyfhbnflhbagci
zami,bogjbqigdboqoxpbHa,bdyibh.gmfhibcozi,bogjbdyibhyojaqhbasbdyibniovih
asbdyiblnogi-dmiibzavijb.lagbyfhbsoci,bohbhasdnxbohbyimbnflhbyojbzavij
fgblmoxfgrbsambyfzp




EVFFFpbGfgibJoxh


Dyibzommfori-joxbqohbhyfgfgrbumfrydnx,bogjbdyixbqimibmiojxba.dhfjibdyi
cnahijbjaambasbdyibJacdam'hbmaaz,bqyimibyibqohbhliokfgrbqfdybCyomnih
JomgoxpbDyixbqimibmiojxbdabrabdabcy.mcy;bdyibuio.dfs.nbumfji,bZmp
Nammx,bogjbZfhhbLmahh--dabqyazbdyibivigd,bdyma.rybobrmoj.onblmacihhbas
micagcfnizigdbdabdyibfgivfdouni,bqa.njbyovibuiigbagibasbouhan.dibunfhh,
u.dbsambdyibxidbnfgrimfgrbcaghfjimodfagbdyodbyimbumadyimbHanazagbhya.nj
yovibuiigbdyibumfjirmaazp

“Ogjbha,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqyabca.njbgadbh.ssfcfigdnxbojzfmibdyibumfji,
ogjbqyabyojbuiigbzavfgrbma.gjbyimbdabdokibfgbivimxblafgdbasbyimbw.fid,
lmiddxbjmihh;b“ogjbhabfdbqohbsambdyfh,bzxbhqiidbN.cfi,bdyodbFbuma.ryd
xa.bocmahhbdyibCyoggin,bh.cybobuoux!bNamjbunihhbzi!bYaqbnfddnibFbdya.ryd
qyodbFbqohbjafgr!bYaqbnfrydnxbFbvon.ijbdyibaunfrodfagbFbqohbcagsimmfgr
agbzxbsmfigjbZmpbCyomnih!”

“Xa.bjfjg'dbziogbfd,”bmizomkijbdyibzoddim-as-socdbZfhhbLmahh,b“ogj
dyimisamibyaqbca.njbxa.bkgaqbfd?bGaghighi!”

“Mionnx?bQinn;bu.dbjag'dbcmx,”bhofjbdyibrigdnibZmpbNammxp

“Fbozbgadbcmxfgr,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh;b“_xa._bomip”

“F,bzxbLmahh?”b(Uxbdyfhbdfzi,bZmpbNammxbjomijbdabuiblniohogdbqfdybyim,
agbaccohfagp)

“Xa.bqimi,b .hdbgaq;bFbhoqbxa.bjabfd,bogjbFbjag'dbqagjimbodbfdpbH.cy
oblmihigdbasblnodibohbxa.byovibzojib'iz,bfhbiga.rybdabumfgrbdiomhbfgda
ogxuajx'hbixihpbDyimi'hbgadbobsamkbambobhlaagbfgbdyibcannicdfag,”bhofj
ZfhhbLmahh,b“dyodbFbjfjg'dbcmxbavim,bnohdbgfrydbosdimbdyibuaebcozi,bdfnn
Fbca.njg'dbhiibfdp”

“Fbozbyfrynxbrmodfsfij,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“dya.ry,b.lagbzxbyaga.m,bF
yojbgabfgdigdfagbasbmigjimfgrbdyahibdmfsnfgrbomdfcnihbasbmizizumogci
fgvfhfunibdabogxbagipbJiombzi!bDyfhbfhbogbaccohfagbdyodbzokihbobzog
hlic.nodibagbonnbyibyohbnahdpbJiom,bjiom,bjiom!bDabdyfgkbdyodbdyimi
zfrydbyovibuiigbobZmhpbNammx,bogxbdfzibdyihibsfsdxbxiomhbonzahd!”

“Gadbodbonn!”bSmazbZfhhbLmahhp

“Xa.bdyfgkbdyimibgivimbzfrydbyovibuiigbobZmhpbNammx?”bohkijbdyi
rigdnizogbasbdyodbgozip

“Laay!”bmi afgijbZfhhbLmahh;b“xa.bqimibobuocyinambfgbxa.mbcmojnip”

“Qinn!”bauhimvijbZmpbNammx,buiozfgrnxboj .hdfgrbyfhbnfddnibqfr,b“dyod
hiizhblmauouni,bdaap”

“Ogjbxa.bqimibc.dba.dbsambobuocyinam,”bl.mh.ijbZfhhbLmahh,b“uisamibxa.
qimibl.dbfgbxa.mbcmojnip”

“Dyig,bFbdyfgk,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“dyodbFbqohbvimxb.gyogjhazinxbjiond
qfdy,bogjbdyodbFba.rydbdabyovibyojbobvafcibfgbdyibhinicdfagbasbzx
loddimgpbIga.ry!bGaq,bzxbjiombN.cfi,”bjmoqfgrbyfhbomzbhaadyfgrnxbma.gj
yimbqofhd,b“Fbyiombdyizbzavfgrbfgbdyibgiedbmaaz,bogjbZfhhbLmahhbogj
F,bohbdqabsamzonbsankhbasbu.hfgihh,bomibogefa.hbgadbdabnahibdyibsfgon
allamd.gfdxbasbhoxfgrbhazidyfgrbdabxa.bdyodbxa.bqfhybdabyiompbXa.bniovi
xa.mbraajbsodyim,bzxbjiom,bfgbyogjhbohbiomgihdbogjbohbnavfgrbohbxa.m
aqg;byibhyonnbuibdokigbivimxbcagcifvounibcomibas;bj.mfgrbdyibgied
samdgfryd,bqyfnibxa.bomibfgbQomqfckhyfmibogjbdyimioua.dh,bivigbDinnhag'h
hyonnbrabdabdyibqonnb(cazlomodfvinxbhliokfgr)buisamibyfzpbOgjbqyig,bod
dyibsamdgfryd'hbigj,byibcazihbdab afgbxa.bogjbxa.mbuinavijby.huogj,bag
xa.mbadyimbsamdgfryd'hbdmflbfgbQonih,bxa.bhyonnbhoxbdyodbqibyovibhigd
yfzbdabxa.bfgbdyibuihdbyiondybogjbfgbdyibyollfihdbsmozipbGaq,bFbyiom
Haziuajx'hbhdilbcazfgrbdabdyibjaampbNidbzibkfhhbzxbjiombrfmnbqfdybog
anj-sohyfagijbuocyinambunihhfgr,buisamibHaziuajxbcazihbdabcnofzbyfh
aqgp”

Sambobzazigd,byibyinjbdyibsofmbsocibsmazbyfzbdabnaakbodbdyi
qinn-mizizuimijbielmihhfagbagbdyibsamiyioj,bogjbdyigbnofjbdyibumfryd
ranjigbyofmborofghdbyfhbnfddnibumaqgbqfr,bqfdybobrig.fgibdigjimgihhbogj
jinfcocxbqyfcy,bfsbh.cybdyfgrhbuibanj-sohyfagij,bqimibohbanjbohbOjozp

DyibjaambasbdyibJacdam'hbmaazbaligij,bogjbyibcoziba.dbqfdybCyomnih
JomgoxpbYibqohbhabjiojnxbloni--qyfcybyojbgadbuiigbdyibcohibqyigbdyix
qigdbfgbdaridyim--dyodbgabvihdfribasbcana.mbqohbdabuibhiigbfgbyfhbsocip
U.d,bfgbdyibcazlah.mibasbyfhbzoggimbyibqohb.gondimij,biecildbdyodbdabdyi
hymiqjbrnogcibasbZmpbNammxbfdbjfhcnahijbhazibhyojaqxbfgjfcodfagbdyodbdyi
anjbofmbasbovafjogcibogjbjmiojbyojbnodinxblohhijbavimbyfz,bnfkibobcanj
qfgjp

Yibrovibyfhbomzbdabyfhbjo.rydim,bogjbdaakbyimbjaqg-hdofmhbdabdyibcyomfad
qyfcybZmpbNammxbyojbyfmijbfgbyaga.mbasbdyibjoxpbDyibmihdbsannaqijbfg
ogadyimbcommfori,bogjbhaag,bfgbobgifryua.mfgrbcy.mcy,bqyimibgabhdmogri
ixihbnaakijbag,bCyomnihbJomgoxbogjbN.cfibZogiddibqimibyollfnxbzommfijp

Uihfjihbdyibrnogcfgrbdiomhbdyodbhyagibozagrbdyibhzfnihbasbdyibnfddni
rma.lbqyigbfdbqohbjagi,bhazibjfozagjh,bvimxbumfrydbogjbhlomknfgr,
rnogcijbagbdyibumfji'hbyogj,bqyfcybqimibgiqnxbminiohijbsmazbdyi
jomkbauhc.mfdxbasbagibasbZmpbNammx'hblackidhpbDyixbmid.mgijbyazibda
umioksohd,bogjbonnbqigdbqinn,bogjbfgbj.ibca.mhibdyibranjigbyofmbdyodbyoj
zfgrnijbqfdybdyiblaambhyaizokim'hbqyfdibnackhbfgbdyibLomfhbrommid,bqimi
zfgrnijbqfdybdyizborofgbfgbdyibzamgfgrbh.gnfryd,bagbdyibdymihyanjbasbdyi
jaambodblomdfgrp

Fdbqohbobyomjblomdfgr,bdya.rybfdbqohbgadbsambnagrpbU.dbyimbsodyim
cyiimijbyim,bogjbhofjbodbnohd,brigdnxbjfhigrorfgrbyfzhinsbsmazbyim
igsanjfgrbomzh,b“Dokibyim,bCyomnih!bHyibfhbxa.mh!”

Ogjbyimborfdodijbyogjbqovijbdabdyizbsmazbobcyofhibqfgjaq,bogjbhyibqoh
ragip

Dyibcamgimbuifgrba.dbasbdyibqoxbasbdyibfjnibogjbc.mfa.h,bogjbdyi
lmilomodfaghbyovfgrbuiigbvimxbhfzlnibogjbsiq,bdyibJacdam,bZmpbNammx,
ogjbZfhhbLmahh,bqimibnisdbw.fdibonagipbFdbqohbqyigbdyixbd.mgijbfgda
dyibqincazibhyojibasbdyibcaanbanjbyonn,bdyodbZmpbNammxbauhimvijbobrmiod
cyogribdabyovibcazibavimbdyibJacdam;bohbfsbdyibranjigbomzb.lnfsdij
dyimi,byojbhdm.ckbyfzboblafhagijbunaqp

Yibyojbgod.monnxbmilmihhijbz.cy,bogjbhazibmiv.nhfagbzfrydbyovibuiig
ielicdijbfgbyfzbqyigbdyibaccohfagbsambmilmihhfagbqohbragipbU.d,bfdbqoh
dyibanjbhcomijbnahdbnaakbdyodbdma.unijbZmpbNammx;bogjbdyma.rybyfhbouhigd
zoggimbasbcnohlfgrbyfhbyiojbogjbjmiomfnxbqogjimfgrboqoxbfgdabyfhbaqg
maazbqyigbdyixbradb.l-hdofmh,bZmpbNammxbqohbmizfgjijbasbJisomribdyi
qfgi-hyalbkiilim,bogjbdyibhdomnfrydbmfjip

“Fbdyfgk,”byibqyfhlimijbdabZfhhbLmahh,bosdimbogefa.hbcaghfjimodfag,b“F
dyfgkbqibyojbuihdbgadbhliokbdabyfzb .hdbgaq,bambodbonnbjfhd.mubyfzp
Fbz.hdbnaakbfgbodbDinnhag'h;bhabFbqfnnbrabdyimibodbagcibogjbcazibuock
lmihigdnxpbDyig,bqibqfnnbdokibyfzbobmfjibfgdabdyibca.gdmx,bogjbjfgi
dyimi,bogjbonnbqfnnbuibqinnp”

FdbqohbiohfimbsambZmpbNammxbdabnaakbfgbodbDinnhag'h,bdyogbdabnaakba.dbas
Dinnhag'hpbYibqohbjidofgijbdqabya.mhpbQyigbyibcozibuock,byibohcigjijbdyi
anjbhdofmcohibonagi,byovfgrbohkijbgabw.ihdfagbasbdyibhimvogd;brafgrbdy.h
fgdabdyibJacdam'hbmaazh,byibqohbhdallijbuxbobnaqbha.gjbasbkgackfgrp

“RaajbRaj!”byibhofj,bqfdybobhdomdpb“Qyod'hbdyod?”

ZfhhbLmahh,bqfdybobdimmfsfijbsoci,bqohbodbyfhbiompb“Abzi,bAbzi!bOnnbfh
nahd!”bcmfijbhyi,bqmfgrfgrbyimbyogjhpb“QyodbfhbdabuibdanjbdabNojxufmj?
Yibjaihg'dbkgaqbzi,bogjbfhbzokfgrbhyaih!”

ZmpbNammxbhofjbqyodbyibca.njbdabconzbyim,bogjbqigdbyfzhinsbfgdabdyi
Jacdam'hbmaazpbDyibuigcybqohbd.mgijbdaqomjhbdyibnfryd,bohbfdbyojbuiig
qyigbyibyojbhiigbdyibhyaizokimbodbyfhbqamkbuisami,bogjbyfhbyiojbqohbuigd
jaqg,bogjbyibqohbvimxbu.hxp

“JacdambZogiddipbZxbjiombsmfigj,bJacdambZogiddi!”

DyibJacdambnaakijbodbyfzbsambobzazigd--yonsbfgw.fmfgrnx,byonsbohbfsbyi
qimibogrmxbodbuifgrbhlakigbda--ogjbuigdbavimbyfhbqamkborofgp

Yibyojbnofjbohfjibyfhbcaodbogjbqofhdcaod;byfhbhyfmdbqohbaligbodbdyi
dymaod,bohbfdb.hijbdabuibqyigbyibjfjbdyodbqamk;bogjbivigbdyibanj
yorromj,bsojijbh.msocibasbsocibyojbcazibuockbdabyfzpbYibqamkij
yomj--fzlodfigdnx--ohbfsbfgbhazibhighibasbyovfgrbuiigbfgdimm.ldijp

ZmpbNammxbrnogcijbodbdyibqamkbfgbyfhbyogj,bogjbauhimvijbdyodbfdbqohbo
hyaibasbdyibanjbhftibogjbhyolipbYibdaakb.lbogadyimbdyodbqohbnxfgrbux
yfz,bogjbohkijbqyodbfdbqohp

“Obxa.grbnojx'hbqonkfgrbhyai,”byibz.ddimij,bqfdya.dbnaakfgrb.lpb“Fd
a.rydbdabyovibuiigbsfgfhyijbnagrborapbNidbfdbuip”

“U.d,bJacdambZogiddipbNaakbodbzi!”

Yibauixij,bfgbdyibanjbzicyogfconnxbh.uzfhhfvibzoggim,bqfdya.dblo.hfgrbfg
yfhbqamkp

“Xa.bkgaqbzi,bzxbjiombsmfigj?bDyfgkborofgpbDyfhbfhbgadbxa.mblmalim
acc.lodfagpbDyfgk,bjiombsmfigj!”

Gadyfgrbqa.njbfgj.cibyfzbdabhliokbzamipbYibnaakijb.l,bsambogbfghdogdbod
obdfzi,bqyigbyibqohbmiw.ihdijbdabjabha;bu.d,bgablimh.ohfagbqa.njbiedmocd
obqamjbsmazbyfzpbYibqamkij,bogjbqamkij,bogjbqamkij,bfgbhfnigci,bogj
qamjhbsinnbagbyfzbohbdyixbqa.njbyovibsonnigbagbogbicyanihhbqonn,bambag
dyibofmpbDyibagnxbmoxbasbyalibdyodbZmpbNammxbca.njbjfhcavim,bqoh,bdyod
yibhazidfzihbs.mdfvinxbnaakijb.lbqfdya.dbuifgrbohkijpbFgbdyod,bdyimi
hiizijbobsofgdbielmihhfagbasbc.mfahfdxbamblimlniefdx--ohbdya.rybyibqimi
dmxfgrbdabmicagcfnibhazibja.udhbfgbyfhbzfgjp

DqabdyfgrhbodbagcibfzlmihhijbdyizhinvihbagbZmpbNammx,bohbfzlamdogdbouavi
onnbadyimh;bdyibsfmhd,bdyodbdyfhbz.hdbuibkildbhicmidbsmazbN.cfi;
dyibhicagj,bdyodbfdbz.hdbuibkildbhicmidbsmazbonnbqyabkgiqbyfzpbFg
cag .gcdfagbqfdybZfhhbLmahh,byibdaakbfzzijfodibhdilhbdaqomjhbdyibnoddim
lmico.dfag,buxbrfvfgrba.dbdyodbdyibJacdambqohbgadbqinn,bogjbmiw.fmijbo
siqbjoxhbasbcazlnidibmihdpbFgbofjbasbdyibkfgjbjicildfagbdabuiblmocdfhij
agbyfhbjo.rydim,bZfhhbLmahhbqohbdabqmfdi,bjihcmfufgrbyfhbyovfgrbuiig
connijboqoxblmasihhfagonnx,bogjbmisimmfgrbdabogbfzorfgomxbniddimbas
dqabambdymiiby.mmfijbnfgihbfgbyfhbaqgbyogj,bmilmihigdijbdabyovibuiig
ojjmihhijbdabyimbuxbdyibhoziblahdp

Dyihibzioh.mih,bojvfhounibdabuibdokigbfgbogxbcohi,bZmpbNammxbdaakbfg
dyibyalibasbyfhbcazfgrbdabyfzhinspbFsbdyodbhya.njbyolligbhaag,byibkild
ogadyimbca.mhibfgbmihimvi;bqyfcybqoh,bdabyovibobcimdofgbalfgfagbdyodbyi
dya.rydbdyibuihd,bagbdyibJacdam'hbcohip

Fgbdyibyalibasbyfhbmicavimx,bogjbasbmihamdbdabdyfhbdyfmjbca.mhi
uifgrbdyimiuxbmigjimijblmocdfcouni,bZmpbNammxbmihanvijbdabqodcybyfz
oddigdfvinx,bqfdybohbnfddnibolliomogcibohblahhfunibasbjafgrbhapbYi
dyimisamibzojibommogrizigdhbdabouhigdbyfzhinsbsmazbDinnhag'hbsambdyi
sfmhdbdfzibfgbyfhbnfsi,bogjbdaakbyfhblahdbuxbdyibqfgjaqbfgbdyibhozi
maazp

Yibqohbgadbnagrbfgbjfhcavimfgrbdyodbfdbqohbqamhibdyogb.hinihhbdabhliok
dabyfz,bhfgci,bagbuifgrblmihhij,byibuicozibqammfijpbYibouogjagijbdyod
oddizldbagbdyibsfmhdbjox,bogjbmihanvijbziminxbdabkiilbyfzhinsbonqoxh
uisamibyfz,bohbobhfnigdblmadihdborofghdbdyibjin.hfagbfgdabqyfcybyibyoj
sonnig,bambqohbsonnfgrpbYibmizofgij,bdyimisami,bfgbyfhbhiodbgiombdyi
qfgjaq,bmiojfgrbogjbqmfdfgr,bogjbielmihhfgrbfgbohbzogxblniohogdbogj
god.monbqoxhbohbyibca.njbdyfgkbas,bdyodbfdbqohbobsmiiblnocip

JacdambZogiddibdaakbqyodbqohbrfvigbyfzbdabiodbogjbjmfgk,bogjbqamkijbag,
dyodbsfmhdbjox,b.gdfnbfdbqohbdaabjomkbdabhii--qamkijbag,byonsbogbya.m
osdimbZmpbNammxbca.njbgadbyovibhiig,bsambyfhbnfsi,bdabmiojbambqmfdip
Qyigbyibl.dbyfhbdaanhbohfjibohb.hinihh,b.gdfnbzamgfgr,bZmpbNammxbmahi
ogjbhofjbdabyfz:

“Qfnnbxa.braba.d?”

Yibnaakijbjaqgbodbdyibsnaambagbifdyimbhfjibasbyfzbfgbdyibanjbzoggim,
naakijb.lbfgbdyibanjbzoggim,bogjbmiliodijbfgbdyibanjbnaqbvafci:

“A.d?”

“Xih;bsambobqonkbqfdybzipbQyxbgad?”

Yibzojibgabissamdbdabhoxbqyxbgad,bogjbhofjbgadbobqamjbzamipbU.d,bZmp
Nammxbdya.rydbyibhoq,bohbyibniogijbsamqomjbagbyfhbuigcybfgbdyibj.hk,
qfdybyfhbinuaqhbagbyfhbkgiihbogjbyfhbyiojbfgbyfhbyogjh,bdyodbyibqohbfg
hazibzfhdxbqoxbohkfgrbyfzhins,b“Qyxbgad?”bDyibhorocfdxbasbdyibzogbas
u.hfgihhblimcifvijbogbojvogdoribyimi,bogjbjidimzfgijbdabyanjbfdp

ZfhhbLmahhbogjbyibjfvfjijbdyibgfrydbfgdabdqabqodcyih,bogjbauhimvijbyfz
odbfgdimvonhbsmazbdyiboj afgfgrbmaazpbYiblocijb.lbogjbjaqgbsambobnagr
dfzibuisamibyibnoxbjaqg;bu.d,bqyigbyibjfjbsfgonnxbnoxbyfzhinsbjaqg,byi
sinnbohniilpbFgbdyibzamgfgr,byibqohb.lbuidfzih,bogjbqigdbhdmofrydbdabyfh
uigcybogjbdabqamkp

Agbdyfhbhicagjbjox,bZmpbNammxbhon.dijbyfzbcyiims.nnxbuxbyfhbgozi,
ogjbhlakibdabyfzbagbdalfchbdyodbyojbuiigbasbnodibsozfnfombdabdyizpbYi
mid.mgijbgabmilnx,bu.dbfdbqohbivfjigdbdyodbyibyiomjbqyodbqohbhofj,bogj
dyodbyibdya.rydboua.dbfd,byaqivimbcags.hijnxpbDyfhbigca.morijbZmpbNammx
dabyovibZfhhbLmahhbfgbqfdybyimbqamk,bhivimonbdfzihbj.mfgrbdyibjox;
odbdyahibdfzih,bdyixbw.fidnxbhlakibasbN.cfi,bogjbasbyimbsodyimbdyig
lmihigd,blmicfhinxbfgbdyib.h.onbzoggim,bogjbohbfsbdyimibqimibgadyfgr
ozfhhpbDyfhbqohbjagibqfdya.dbogxbjizaghdmodfviboccazlogfzigd,bgadbnagr
iga.ry,bambasdigbiga.rybdabyomohhbyfz;bogjbfdbnfrydigijbZmpbNammx'h
smfigjnxbyiomdbdabuinfivibdyodbyibnaakijb.lbasdigim,bogjbdyodbyi
olliomijbdabuibhdfmmijbuxbhaziblimcildfagbasbfgcaghfhdigcfihbh.mma.gjfgr
yfzp

Qyigbfdbsinnbjomkborofg,bZmpbNammxbohkijbyfzbohbuisami:

“JiombJacdam,bqfnnbxa.braba.d?”

Ohbuisami,byibmiliodij,b“A.d?”

“Xih;bsambobqonkbqfdybzipbQyxbgad?”

Dyfhbdfzi,bZmpbNammxbsifrgijbdabraba.dbqyigbyibca.njbiedmocdbgaboghqim
smazbyfz,bogj,bosdimbmizofgfgrbouhigdbsambogbya.m,bmid.mgijpbFgbdyi
ziogqyfni,bdyibJacdambyojbmizavijbdabdyibhiodbfgbdyibqfgjaq,bogjbyoj
hodbdyimibnaakfgrbjaqgbodbdyiblnogi-dmii;bu.d,bagbZmpbNammx'hbmid.mg,byi
hnfllijboqoxbdabyfhbuigcyp

Dyibdfzibqigdbvimxbhnaqnxbag,bogjbZmpbNammx'hbyalibjomkigij,bogjbyfh
yiomdbrmiqbyiovfimborofg,bogjbrmiqbxidbyiovfimbogjbyiovfimbivimxbjoxp
Dyibdyfmjbjoxbcozibogjbqigd,bdyibsa.mdy,bdyibsfsdypbSfvibjoxh,bhfebjoxh,
hivigbjoxh,bifrydbjoxh,bgfgibjoxhp

Qfdybobyalibivimbjomkigfgr,bogjbqfdybobyiomdbonqoxhbrmaqfgrbyiovfimbogj
yiovfim,bZmpbNammxblohhijbdyma.rybdyfhbogefa.hbdfzipbDyibhicmidbqoh
qinnbkild,bogjbN.cfibqohb.gcaghcfa.hbogjbyollx;bu.dbyibca.njbgadbsofnbda
auhimvibdyodbdyibhyaizokim,bqyahibyogjbyojbuiigbobnfddniba.dbodbsfmhd,
qohbrmaqfgrbjmiojs.nnxbhkfns.n,bogjbdyodbyibyojbgivimbuiigbhabfgdigdbag
yfhbqamk,bogjbdyodbyfhbyogjhbyojbgivimbuiigbhabgfzunibogjbielimd,bohbfg
dyibj.hkbasbdyibgfgdybivigfgrp




EFEpbOgbAlfgfag


Qamgba.dbuxbogefa.hbqodcyfgr,bZmpbNammxbsinnbohniilbodbyfhblahdpbAgbdyi
digdybzamgfgrbasbyfhbh.hlighi,byibqohbhdomdnijbuxbdyibhyfgfgrbasbdyibh.g
fgdabdyibmaazbqyimibobyiovxbhn.zuimbyojbavimdokigbyfzbqyigbfdbqohbjomk
gfrydp

Yibm.uuijbyfhbixihbogjbma.hijbyfzhins;bu.dbyibja.udij,bqyigbyibyoj
jagibha,bqyidyimbyibqohbgadbhdfnnbohniilpbSam,brafgrbdabdyibjaambasbdyi
Jacdam'hbmaazbogjbnaakfgrbfg,byiblimcifvijbdyodbdyibhyaizokim'hbuigcy
ogjbdaanhbqimibl.dbohfjiborofg,bogjbdyodbdyibJacdambyfzhinsbhodbmiojfgr
odbdyibqfgjaqpbYibqohbfgbyfhb.h.onbzamgfgrbjmihh,bogjbyfhbsocib(qyfcy
ZmpbNammxbca.njbjfhdfgcdnxbhii),bdya.rybhdfnnbvimxbloni,bqohbconznx
hd.jfa.hbogjboddigdfvip

Ivigbqyigbyibyojbhodfhsfijbyfzhinsbdyodbyibqohboqoki,bZmpbNammxbsind
rfjjfnxb.gcimdofgbsambhazibsiqbzazigdhbqyidyimbdyibnodibhyaizokfgrbzfryd
gadbuibobjfhd.muijbjmiozbasbyfhbaqg;bsam,bjfjbgadbyfhbixihbhyaqbyfzbyfh
smfigjbuisamibyfzbfgbyfhbocc.hdazijbcnadyfgrbogjbohlicd,bogjbizlnaxij
ohb.h.on;bogjbqohbdyimibogxbhfrgbqfdyfgbdyifmbmogri,bdyodbdyibcyogribas
qyfcybyibyojbhabhdmagrbogbfzlmihhfagbyojbocd.onnxbyolligij?

Fdbqohbu.dbdyibfgw.fmxbasbyfhbsfmhdbcags.hfagbogjbohdagfhyzigd,bdyi
oghqimbuifgrbauvfa.hpbFsbdyibfzlmihhfagbqimibgadblmaj.cijbuxbobmion
cammihlagjfgrbogjbh.ssfcfigdbco.hi,byaqbcozibyi,b omvfhbNammx,bdyimi?
Yaqbcozibyibdabyovibsonnigbohniil,bfgbyfhbcnadyih,bagbdyibhasobfgbJacdam
Zogiddi'hbcagh.ndfgr-maaz,bogjbdabuibjiuodfgrbdyihiblafgdhba.dhfjibdyi
Jacdam'hbuijmaazbjaambfgbdyibiomnxbzamgfgr?

Qfdyfgbobsiqbzfg.dih,bZfhhbLmahhbhdaajbqyfhlimfgrbodbyfhbhfjipbFsbyi
yojbyojbogxblomdfcnibasbja.udbnisd,byimbdonkbqa.njbasbgicihhfdxbyovi
mihanvijbfd;bu.dbyibqohbuxbdyodbdfzibcniom-yiojij,bogjbyojbgagip
Yibojvfhijbdyodbdyixbhya.njbnidbdyibdfzibrabuxb.gdfnbdyibmir.nom
umioksohd-ya.m,bogjbhya.njbdyigbziidbdyibJacdambohbfsbgadyfgrb.g.h.on
yojbacc.mmijpbFsbyibolliomijbdabuibfgbyfhbc.hdazomxbhdodibasbzfgj,bZmp
Nammxbqa.njbdyigbco.dfa.hnxblmaciijbdabhiikbjfmicdfagbogjbr.fjogcibsmaz
dyibalfgfagbyibyojbuiig,bfgbyfhbogefidx,bhabogefa.hbdabaudofgp

ZfhhbLmahh,bh.uzfddfgrbyimhinsbdabyfhb .jrzigd,bdyibhcyizibqohbqamkij
a.dbqfdybcomipbYovfgrbou.gjogcibasbdfzibsambyfhb.h.onbzidyajfcon
dafniddi,bZmpbNammxblmihigdijbyfzhinsbodbdyibumioksohd-ya.mbfgbyfhb.h.on
qyfdibnfgig,bogjbqfdybyfhb.h.onbgiodbnirpbDyibJacdambqohbh.zzagijbfgbdyi
.h.onbqox,bogjbcozibdabumioksohdp

Habsombohbfdbqohblahhfunibdabcazlmiyigjbyfzbqfdya.dbavimhdillfgrbdyahi
jinfcodibogjbrmoj.onbollmaocyihbqyfcybZmpbNammxbsindbdabuibdyibagnxbhosi
ojvogci,byibodbsfmhdbh.llahijbdyodbyfhbjo.rydim'hbzommforibyojbdokig
lnocibxihdimjoxpbOgbfgcfjigdonbonn.hfag,bl.mlahinxbdymaqgba.d,bda
dyibjoxbasbdyibqiik,bogjbdyibjoxbasbdyibzagdy,bhidbyfzbdyfgkfgrbogj
ca.gdfgr,bogjbivfjigdnxbzojibyfzb.giohxpbFgbonnbadyimbmihlicdh,byaqivim,
yibqohbhabcazlahijnxbyfzhins,bdyodbZmpbNammxbjidimzfgijbdabyovibdyibofj
yibha.rydpbOgjbdyodbofjbqohbyfhbaqgp

Dyimisami,bqyigbdyibumioksohdbqohbjagibogjbcniomijboqox,bogjbyibogjbdyi
Jacdambqimibnisdbdaridyim,bZmpbNammxbhofj,bsiinfgrnx:

“ZxbjiombZogiddi,bFbozbogefa.hbdabyovibxa.mbalfgfag,bfgbcagsfjigci,bagbo
vimxbc.mfa.hbcohibfgbqyfcybFbozbjiilnxbfgdimihdij;bdyodbfhbdabhox,bfdbfh
vimxbc.mfa.hbdabzi;blimyolh,bdabxa.mbuiddimbfgsamzodfagbfdbzoxbuibnihh
hap”

Rnogcfgrbodbyfhbyogjh,bqyfcybqimibjfhcana.mijbuxbyfhbnodibqamk,bdyi
Jacdambnaakijbdma.unij,bogjbnfhdigijboddigdfvinxpbYibyojbonmiojxbrnogcij
odbyfhbyogjhbzamibdyogbagcip

“JacdambZogiddi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bda.cyfgrbyfzbossicdfagodinxbagbdyi
omz,b“dyibcohibfhbdyibcohibasboblomdfc.nomnxbjiombsmfigjbasbzfgipbLmox
rfvibxa.mbzfgjbdabfd,bogjbojvfhibzibqinnbsambyfhbhoki--ogjbouavibonn,
sambyfhbjo.rydim'h--yfhbjo.rydim'h,bzxbjiombZogiddip”

“FsbFb.gjimhdogj,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bfgbobh.uj.ijbdagi,b“hazibzigdon
hyack--?”

“Xih!”

“Uibielnfcfd,”bhofjbdyibJacdampb“Hlomibgabjidofnp”

ZmpbNammxbhoqbdyodbdyixb.gjimhdaajbagibogadyim,bogjblmaciijijp

“ZxbjiombZogiddi,bfdbfhbdyibcohibasbogbanjbogjboblmanagrijbhyack,
asbrmiodboc.digihhbogjbhivimfdxbdabdyibossicdfagh,bdyibsiinfgrh,
dyi--dyi--ohbxa.bielmihhbfd--dyibzfgjpbDyibzfgjpbFdbfhbdyibcohibasbo
hyackb.gjimbqyfcybdyibh.ssimimbqohbuamgibjaqg,bagibcoggadbhoxbsambyaq
nagr,buico.hibFbuinfivibyibcoggadbconc.nodibdyibdfzibyfzhins,bogjbdyimi
omibgabadyimbzioghbasbriddfgrbodbfdpbFdbfhbdyibcohibasbobhyackbsmaz
qyfcybdyibh.ssimimbmicavimij,buxboblmacihhbdyodbyibcoggadbdmoci
yfzhins--ohbFbagcibyiomjbyfzbl.unfcnxbminodibfgbobhdmfkfgrbzoggimpbFdbfh
dyibcohibasbobhyackbsmazbqyfcybyibyohbmicavimij,bhabcazlnidinx,bohbda
uibobyfrynxbfgdinnfrigdbzog,bcolounibasbcnahibollnfcodfagbasbzfgj,bogj
rmiodbieimdfagbasbuajx,bogjbasbcaghdogdnxbzokfgrbsmihybojjfdfaghbdabyfh
hdackbasbkgaqnijri,bqyfcybqohbonmiojxbvimxbnomripbU.d,b.gsamd.godinx,
dyimibyohbuiig,”byiblo.hijbogjbdaakbobjiilbumiody--“obhnfrydbminolhip”

DyibJacdam,bfgbobnaqbvafci,bohkij,b“Asbyaqbnagrbj.modfag?”

“Gfgibjoxhbogjbgfrydhp”

“Yaqbjfjbfdbhyaqbfdhins?bFbfgsim,”brnogcfgrbodbyfhbyogjhborofg,b“fgbdyi
mih.zldfagbasbhazibanjbl.mh.fdbcaggicdijbqfdybdyibhyack?”

“Dyodbfhbdyibsocdp”

“Gaq,bjfjbxa.bivimbhiibyfz,”bohkijbdyibJacdam,bjfhdfgcdnxbogj
cannicdijnx,bdya.rybfgbdyibhozibnaqbvafci,b“igrorijbfgbdyodbl.mh.fd
amfrfgonnx?”

“Agcip”

“Ogjbqyigbdyibminolhibsinnbagbyfz,bqohbyibfgbzahdbmihlicdh--ambfgbonn
mihlicdh--ohbyibqohbdyig?”

“Fbdyfgkbfgbonnbmihlicdhp”

“Xa.bhlakibasbyfhbjo.rydimpbJaihbyfhbjo.rydimbkgaqbasbdyibminolhi?”

“GapbFdbyohbuiigbkildbsmazbyim,bogjbFbyalibqfnnbonqoxhbuibkildbsmazbyimp
Fdbfhbkgaqgbagnxbdabzxhins,bogjbdabagibadyimbqyabzoxbuibdm.hdijp”

DyibJacdambrmohlijbyfhbyogj,bogjbz.mz.mij,b“DyodbqohbvimxbkfgjpbDyodbqoh
vimxbdya.ryds.n!”bZmpbNammxbrmohlijbyfhbyogjbfgbmid.mg,bogjbgifdyimbas
dyibdqabhlakibsambobnfddnibqyfnip

“Gaq,bzxbjiombZogiddi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bodbnigrdy,bfgbyfhbzahd
caghfjimodibogjbzahdbossicdfagodibqox,b“Fbozbobzimibzogbasbu.hfgihh,
ogjb.gsfdbdabcalibqfdybh.cybfgdmfcodibogjbjfssfc.ndbzoddimhpbFbjabgad
lahhihhbdyibkfgjbasbfgsamzodfagbgicihhomx;bFbjabgadblahhihhbdyibkfgjbas
fgdinnfrigci;bFbqogdbr.fjfgrpbDyimibfhbgabzogbfgbdyfhbqamnjbagbqyaz
Fbca.njbhabminxbsambmfrydbr.fjogci,bohbagbxa.pbDinnbzi,byaqbjaihbdyfh
minolhibcaziboua.d?bFhbdyimibjogrimbasbogadyim?bCa.njbobmilidfdfagbasbfd
uiblmivigdij?bYaqbhya.njbobmilidfdfagbasbfdbuibdmiodij?bYaqbjaihbfdbcazi
oua.dbodbonn?bQyodbcogbFbjabsambzxbsmfigj?bGabzogbivimbcogbyovibuiig
zamibjihfma.hbfgbyfhbyiomdbdabhimvibobsmfigj,bdyogbFbozbdabhimvibzfgi,
fsbFbkgiqbyaqp

“U.dbFbjag'dbkgaqbyaqbdabamfrfgodi,bfgbh.cybobcohipbFsbxa.mbhorocfdx,
kgaqnijri,bogjbielimfigci,bca.njbl.dbzibagbdyibmfrydbdmock,bFbzfrydbui
ounibdabjabhabz.cy;b.gignfrydigijbogjb.gjfmicdij,bFbcogbjabhabnfddnip
Lmoxbjfhc.hhbfdbqfdybzi;blmoxbigounibzibdabhiibfdbobnfddnibzamibcniomnx,
ogjbdiocybzibyaqbdabuibobnfddnibzamib.his.np”

JacdambZogiddibhodbzijfdodfgrbosdimbdyihibiomgihdbqamjhbqimibhlakig,bogj
ZmpbNammxbjfjbgadblmihhbyfzp

“Fbdyfgkbfdblmauouni,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bumiokfgrbhfnigcibqfdybogbissamd,
“dyodbdyibminolhibxa.byovibjihcmfuij,bzxbjiombsmfigj,bqohbgadbw.fdi
.gsamihiigbuxbfdhbh.u icdp”

“Qohbfdbjmiojijbuxbyfz?”bZmpbNammxbvigd.mijbdabohkp

“Vimxbz.cyp”bYibhofjbfdbqfdybogbfgvan.gdomxbhy.jjimp

“Xa.byovibgabfjiobyaqbh.cybogbollmiyighfagbqifryhbagbdyibh.ssimim'h
zfgj,bogjbyaqbjfssfc.nd--yaqbonzahdbfzlahhfuni--fdbfh,bsambyfzbdabsamci
yfzhinsbdab.ddimbobqamjb.lagbdyibdalfcbdyodballmihhihbyfzp”

“Qa.njbyi,”bohkijbZmpbNammx,b“uibhighfunxbminfivijbfsbyibca.njblmivofn
.lagbyfzhinsbdabfzlomdbdyodbhicmidbumaajfgrbdabogxbagi,bqyigbfdbfhbag
yfz?”

“FbdyfgkbhapbU.dbfdbfh,bohbFbyovibdanjbxa.,bgiedbdabfzlahhfunipbFbivig
uinfivibfd--fgbhazibcohih--dabuibw.fdibfzlahhfunip”

“Gaq,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,brigdnxbnoxfgrbyfhbyogjbagbdyibJacdam'hbomzborofg,
osdimbobhyamdbhfnigcibagbuadybhfjih,b“dabqyodbqa.njbxa.bmisimbdyfh
oddock?”

“Fbuinfivi,”bmid.mgijbJacdambZogiddi,b“dyodbdyimibyojbuiigbobhdmagrbogj
iedmoamjfgomxbmivfvonbasbdyibdmofgbasbdya.rydbogjbmizizumogcibdyod
qohbdyibsfmhdbco.hibasbdyibzonojxpbHazibfgdighibohhacfodfaghbasbobzahd
jfhdmihhfgrbgod.mibqimibvfvfjnxbmiconnij,bFbdyfgkpbFdbfhblmauounibdyod
dyimibyojbnagrbuiigbobjmiojbn.mkfgrbfgbyfhbzfgj,bdyodbdyahibohhacfodfagh
qa.njbuibmiconnij--hox,b.gjimbcimdofgbcfmc.zhdogcih--hox,bagbo
lomdfc.nombaccohfagpbYibdmfijbdablmilomibyfzhinsbfgbvofg;blimyolhbdyi
issamdbdablmilomibyfzhinsbzojibyfzbnihhbounibdabuiombfdp”

“Qa.njbyibmizizuimbqyodbdaakblnocibfgbdyibminolhi?”bohkijbZmpbNammx,
qfdybgod.monbyihfdodfagp

DyibJacdambnaakijbjihanodinxbma.gjbdyibmaaz,bhyaakbyfhbyioj,bogj
oghqimij,bfgbobnaqbvafci,b“Gadbodbonnp”

“Gaq,bohbdabdyibs.d.mi,”byfgdijbZmpbNammxp

“Ohbdabdyibs.d.mi,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bmicavimfgrbsfmzgihh,b“Fbhya.njbyovi
rmiodbyalipbOhbfdblniohijbYiovigbfgbfdhbzimcxbdabmihdamibyfzbhabhaag,bF
hya.njbyovibrmiodbyalipbYi,bxfinjfgrb.gjimbdyiblmihh.mibasbobcazlnfcodij
hazidyfgr,bnagrbjmiojijbogjbnagrbvor.inxbsamihiigbogjbcagdigjijborofghd,
ogjbmicavimfgrbosdimbdyibcna.jbyojbu.mhdbogjblohhij,bFbhya.njbyalibdyod
dyibqamhdbqohbavimp”

“Qinn,bqinn!bDyod'hbraajbcazsamdpbFbozbdyogks.n!”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Fbozbdyogks.n!”bmiliodijbdyibJacdam,buigjfgrbyfhbyiojbqfdybmivimigcip

“Dyimibomibdqabadyimblafgdh,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“agbqyfcybFbozbogefa.hbda
uibfghdm.cdijpbFbzoxbrabag?”

“Xa.bcoggadbjabxa.mbsmfigjbobuiddimbhimvfcip”bDyibJacdambrovibyfzbyfh
yogjp

“Dabdyibsfmhd,bdyigpbYibfhbasbobhd.jfa.hbyoufd,bogjb.g.h.onnxbigimridfc;
yibollnfihbyfzhinsbqfdybrmiodbomja.mbdabdyibocw.fhfdfagbasblmasihhfagon
kgaqnijri,bdabdyibcagj.cdfgrbasbielimfzigdh,bdabzogxbdyfgrhpbGaq,bjaih
yibjabdaabz.cy?”

“FbdyfgkbgadpbFdbzoxbuibdyibcyomocdimbasbyfhbzfgj,bdabuibonqoxhbfg
hfgr.nombgiijbasbacc.lodfagpbDyodbzoxbui,bfgblomd,bgod.monbdabfd;bfg
lomd,bdyibmih.ndbasbossnfcdfagpbDyibnihhbfdbqohbacc.lfijbqfdybyiondyx
dyfgrh,bdyibzamibfdbqa.njbuibfgbjogrimbasbd.mgfgrbfgbdyib.gyiondyx
jfmicdfagpbYibzoxbyovibauhimvijbyfzhins,bogjbzojibdyibjfhcavimxp”

“Xa.bomibh.mibdyodbyibfhbgadb.gjimbdaabrmiodbobhdmofg?”

“FbdyfgkbFbozbw.fdibh.mibasbfdp”

“ZxbjiombZogiddi,bfsbyibqimibavimqamkijbgaq--”

“ZxbjiombNammx,bFbja.udbfsbdyodbca.njbiohfnxbuipbDyimibyohbuiigbo
vfanigdbhdmihhbfgbagibjfmicdfag,bogjbfdbgiijhbobca.gdimqifrydp”

“Iec.hibzi,bohboblimhfhdigdbzogbasbu.hfgihhpbOhh.zfgrbsambobzazigd,
dyodbyib_qoh_bavimqamkij;bfdbqa.njbhyaqbfdhinsbfgbhazibmigiqonbasbdyfh
jfhamjim?”

“FbjabgadbdyfgkbhapbFbjabgadbdyfgk,”bhofjbJacdambZogiddibqfdybdyi
sfmzgihhbasbhins-cagvfcdfag,b“dyodbogxdyfgrbu.dbdyibagibdmofgbas
ohhacfodfagbqa.njbmigiqbfdpbFbdyfgkbdyod,byigcisamdy,bgadyfgrbu.dbhazi
iedmoamjfgomxb ommfgrbasbdyodbcyamjbca.njbmigiqbfdpbOsdimbqyodbyoh
yolligij,bogjbosdimbyfhbmicavimx,bFbsfgjbfdbjfssfc.ndbdabfzorfgibogx
h.cybvfanigdbha.gjfgrbasbdyodbhdmfgrborofgpbFbdm.hd,bogjbFbonzahd
uinfivi,bdyodbdyibcfmc.zhdogcihbnfkinxbdabmigiqbfdbomibieyo.hdijp”

Yibhlakibqfdybdyibjfssfjigcibasbobzogbqyabkgiqbyaqbhnfrydbobdyfgr
qa.njbavimhidbdyibjinfcodibamrogfhodfagbasbdyibzfgj,bogjbxidbqfdybdyi
cagsfjigcibasbobzogbqyabyojbhnaqnxbqagbyfhbohh.mogciba.dbasblimhagon
igj.mogcibogjbjfhdmihhpbFdbqohbgadbsambyfhbsmfigjbdabouodibdyod
cagsfjigcipbYiblmasihhijbyfzhinsbzamibminfivijbogjbigca.morijbdyogbyi
mionnxbqoh,bogjbollmaocyijbyfhbhicagjbogjbnohdblafgdpbYibsindbfdbda
uibdyibzahdbjfssfc.ndbasbonn;bu.d,bmizizuimfgrbyfhbanjbH.gjoxbzamgfgr
cagvimhodfagbqfdybZfhhbLmahh,bogjbmizizuimfgrbqyodbyibyojbhiigbfgbdyi
nohdbgfgibjoxh,byibkgiqbdyodbyibz.hdbsocibfdp

“Dyibacc.lodfagbmih.zijb.gjimbdyibfgsn.igcibasbdyfhblohhfgrbossnfcdfag
habyollfnxbmicavimijbsmaz,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bcniomfgrbyfhbdymaod,b“qi
qfnnbconn--Unockhzfdy'hbqamk,bUnockhzfdy'hbqamkpbQibqfnnbhox,bdabl.dbo
cohibogjbsambdyibhokibasbfnn.hdmodfag,bdyodbyibyojbuiigb.hij,bfgbyfhbuoj
dfzi,bdabqamkbodbobnfddnibsamripbQibqfnnbhoxbdyodbyibqohb.gielicdijnx
sa.gjbodbyfhbsamriborofgpbFhbfdbgadboblfdxbdyodbyibhya.njbkiilbfdbux
yfz?”

DyibJacdambhyojijbyfhbsamiyiojbqfdybyfhbyogj,bogjbuiodbyfhbsaad
gimva.hnxbagbdyibrma.gjp

“Yibyohbonqoxhbkildbfdbuxbyfz,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqfdybogbogefa.hbnaakbod
yfhbsmfigjpb“Gaq,bqa.njbfdbgadbuibuiddimbdyodbyibhya.njbnidbfdbra?”

Hdfnn,bdyibJacdam,bqfdybhyojijbsamiyioj,buiodbyfhbsaadbgimva.hnxbagbdyi
rma.gjp

“Xa.bjabgadbsfgjbfdbiohxbdabojvfhibzi?”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Fbw.fdi
.gjimhdogjbfdbdabuibobgfcibw.ihdfagpbOgjbxidbFbdyfgk--”bOgjbdyimibyi
hyaakbyfhbyioj,bogjbhdallijp

“Xa.bhii,”bhofjbJacdambZogiddi,bd.mgfgrbdabyfzbosdimbogb.giohxblo.hi,
“fdbfhbvimxbyomjbdabielnofg,bcaghfhdigdnx,bdyibfggimzahdbqamkfgrh
asbdyfhblaambzog'hbzfgjpbYibagcibxiomgijbhabsmfryds.nnxbsambdyod
acc.lodfag,bogjbfdbqohbhabqincazibqyigbfdbcozi;bgabja.udbfdbminfivij
yfhblofgbhabz.cy,buxbh.uhdfd.dfgrbdyiblimlniefdxbasbdyibsfgrimhbsam
dyiblimlniefdxbasbdyibumofg,bogjbuxbh.uhdfd.dfgr,bohbyibuicozibzami
lmocdfhij,bdyibfgrig.fdxbasbdyibyogjh,bsambdyibfgrig.fdxbasbdyibzigdon
damd.mi;bdyodbyibyohbgivimbuiigbounibdabuiombdyibdya.rydbasbl.ddfgrbfd
w.fdiba.dbasbyfhbmiocypbIvigbgaq,bqyigbFbuinfivibyibfhbzamibyalis.nbas
yfzhinsbdyogbyibyohbivimbuiig,bogjbivigbhliokhbasbyfzhinsbqfdybobkfgj
asbcagsfjigci,bdyibfjiobdyodbyibzfrydbgiijbdyodbanjbizlnaxzigd,bogjbgad
sfgjbfd,brfvihbyfzbobh.jjigbhighibasbdimmam,bnfkibdyodbqyfcybagibzox
sogcxbhdmfkihbdabdyibyiomdbasbobnahdbcyfnjp”

Yibnaakijbnfkibyfhbfnn.hdmodfag,bohbyibmofhijbyfhbixihbdabZmpbNammx'h
socip

“U.dbzoxbgad--zfgj!bFbohkbsambfgsamzodfag,bohboblnajjfgrbzogbasbu.hfgihh
qyabagnxbjionhbqfdybh.cybzodimfonbau icdhbohbr.fgioh,bhyfnnfgrh,bogj
uogk-gadih--zoxbgadbdyibmidigdfagbasbdyibdyfgrbfgvanvibdyibmidigdfagbas
dyibfjio?bFsbdyibdyfgrbqimibragi,bzxbjiombZogiddi,bzfrydbgadbdyibsiombra
qfdybfd?bFgbhyamd,bfhbfdbgadbobcagcihhfagbdabdyibzfhrfvfgr,bdabkiilbdyi
samri?”

Dyimibqohbogadyimbhfnigcip

“Xa.bhii,bdaa,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bdmiz.na.hnx,b“fdbfhbh.cybogbanj
cazlogfagp”

“Fbqa.njbgadbkiilbfd,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bhyokfgrbyfhbyioj;bsambyibrofgij
fgbsfmzgihhbohbyibhoqbdyibJacdambjfhw.fidijpb“Fbqa.njbmicazzigjbyfzbda
hocmfsfcibfdpbFbagnxbqogdbxa.mbo.dyamfdxpbFbozbh.mibfdbjaihbgabraajp
Cazi!bRfvibzibxa.mbo.dyamfdx,bnfkibobjiombraajbzogpbSambyfhbjo.rydim'h
hoki,bzxbjiombZogiddi!”

Vimxbhdmogribdabhiibqyodbobhdm.rrnibdyimibqohbqfdyfgbyfz!

“Fgbyimbgozi,bdyig,bnidbfdbuibjagi;bFbhogcdfagbfdpbU.d,bFbqa.njbgadbdoki
fdboqoxbqyfnibyibqohblmihigdpbNidbfdbuibmizavijbqyigbyibfhbgadbdyimi;
nidbyfzbzfhhbyfhbanjbcazlogfagbosdimbogbouhigcip”

ZmpbNammxbmiojfnxbigrorijbsambdyod,bogjbdyibcagsimigcibqohbigjijpbDyix
lohhijbdyibjoxbfgbdyibca.gdmx,bogjbdyibJacdambqohbw.fdibmihdamijpbAgbdyi
dymiibsannaqfgrbjoxhbyibmizofgijblimsicdnxbqinn,bogjbagbdyibsa.mdiigdy
joxbyibqigdboqoxbdab afgbN.cfibogjbyimby.huogjpbDyiblmico.dfagbdyod
yojbuiigbdokigbdabocca.gdbsambyfhbhfnigci,bZmpbNammxbyojblmivfa.hnx
ielnofgijbdabyfz,bogjbyibyojbqmfddigbdabN.cfibfgboccamjogcibqfdybfd,bogj
hyibyojbgabh.hlfcfaghp

Agbdyibgfrydbasbdyibjoxbagbqyfcybyibnisdbdyibya.hi,bZmpbNammxbqigdbfgda
yfhbmaazbqfdybobcyallim,bhoq,bcyfhin,bogjbyozzim,boddigjijbuxbZfhhbLmahh
commxfgrbobnfrydpbDyimi,bqfdybcnahijbjaamh,bogjbfgbobzxhdimfa.hbogj
r.fndxbzoggim,bZmpbNammxbyockijbdyibhyaizokim'hbuigcybdablficih,bqyfni
ZfhhbLmahhbyinjbdyibcogjnibohbfsbhyibqimibohhfhdfgrbodbobz.mjim--sam
qyfcy,bfgjiij,bfgbyimbrmfzgihh,bhyibqohbgab.gh.fdounibsfr.mipbDyi
u.mgfgrbasbdyibuajxb(lmivfa.hnxbmij.cijbdablficihbcagvigfigdbsambdyi
l.mlahi)bqohbcazzigcijbqfdya.dbjinoxbfgbdyibkfdcyigbsfmi;bogjbdyibdaanh,
hyaih,bogjbniodyim,bqimibu.mfijbfgbdyibromjigpbHabqfckijbjabjihdm.cdfag
ogjbhicmicxbolliombdabyagihdbzfgjh,bdyodbZmpbNammxbogjbZfhhbLmahh,
qyfnibigrorijbfgbdyibcazzfhhfagbasbdyifmbjiijbogjbfgbdyibmizavonbasbfdh
dmocih,bonzahdbsind,bogjbonzahdbnaakij,bnfkiboccazlnfcihbfgbobyammfuni
cmfzip




EEpbObLnio


Qyigbdyibgiqnx-zommfijblofmbcozibyazi,bdyibsfmhdblimhagbqyabolliomij,bda
assimbyfhbcagrmod.nodfagh,bqohbHxjgixbComdagpbDyixbyojbgadbuiigbodbyazi
zogxbya.mh,bqyigbyiblmihigdijbyfzhinspbYibqohbgadbfzlmavijbfgbyoufdh,bam
fgbnaakh,bambfgbzoggim;bu.dbdyimibqohbobcimdofgbm.rrijbofmbasbsfjinfdx
oua.dbyfz,bqyfcybqohbgiqbdabdyibauhimvodfagbasbCyomnihbJomgoxp

Yibqodcyijbyfhballamd.gfdxbasbdokfgrbJomgoxbohfjibfgdabobqfgjaq,bogjbas
hliokfgrbdabyfzbqyigbgabagibavimyiomjp

“ZmpbJomgox,”bhofjbComdag,b“Fbqfhybqibzfrydbuibsmfigjhp”

“Qibomibonmiojxbsmfigjh,bFbyalip”

“Xa.bomibraajbiga.rybdabhoxbha,bohbobsohyfagbasbhliicy;bu.d,bFbjag'd
ziogbogxbsohyfagbasbhliicypbFgjiij,bqyigbFbhoxbFbqfhybqibzfrydbui
smfigjh,bFbhcomcinxbziogbw.fdibdyod,bifdyimp”

CyomnihbJomgox--ohbqohbgod.mon--ohkijbyfz,bfgbonnbraaj-y.za.mbogj
raaj-sinnaqhyfl,bqyodbyibjfjbziog?

“.lagbzxbnfsi,”bhofjbComdag,bhzfnfgr,b“Fbsfgjbdyodbiohfimbdabcazlmiyigj
fgbzxbaqgbzfgj,bdyogbdabcagvixbdabxa.mhpbYaqivim,bnidbzibdmxpbXa.
mizizuimbobcimdofgbsoza.hbaccohfagbqyigbFbqohbzamibjm.gkbdyog--dyog
.h.on?”

“Fbmizizuimbobcimdofgbsoza.hbaccohfagbqyigbxa.bsamcijbzibdabcagsihhbdyod
xa.byojbuiigbjmfgkfgrp”

“FbmizizuimbfdbdaapbDyibc.mhibasbdyahibaccohfaghbfhbyiovxb.lagbzi,bsambF
onqoxhbmizizuimbdyizpbFbyalibfdbzoxbuibdokigbfgdabocca.gdbagibjox,
qyigbonnbjoxhbomibodbogbigjbsambzi!bJag'dbuibonomzij;bFbozbgadbrafgrbda
lmiocyp”

“FbozbgadbodbonnbonomzijpbIomgihdgihhbfgbxa.,bfhbogxdyfgrbu.dbonomzfgr
dabzip”

“Oy!”bhofjbComdag,bqfdybobcominihhbqovibasbyfhbyogj,bohbfsbyibqovijbdyod
oqoxpb“Agbdyibjm.gkigbaccohfagbfgbw.ihdfagb(agibasbobnomribg.zuim,boh
xa.bkgaq),bFbqohbfgh.ssimouniboua.dbnfkfgrbxa.,bogjbgadbnfkfgrbxa.pbF
qfhybxa.bqa.njbsamridbfdp”

“Fbsamradbfdbnagrborap”

“Sohyfagbasbhliicyborofg!bU.d,bZmpbJomgox,baunfvfagbfhbgadbhabiohxbda
zi,bohbxa.bmilmihigdbfdbdabuibdabxa.pbFbyovibuxbgabzioghbsamraddigbfd,
ogjbobnfrydboghqimbjaihbgadbyinlbzibdabsamridbfdp”

“Fsbfdbqohbobnfrydboghqim,”bmid.mgijbJomgox,b“Fbuirbxa.mbsamrfvigihh
sambfdpbFbyojbgabadyimbau icdbdyogbdabd.mgbobhnfrydbdyfgr,bqyfcy,bdabzx
h.mlmfhi,bhiizhbdabdma.unibxa.bdaabz.cy,bohfjipbFbjicnomibdabxa.,bagbdyi
sofdybasbobrigdnizog,bdyodbFbyovibnagrbjfhzfhhijbfdbsmazbzxbzfgjpbRaaj
Yiovig,bqyodbqohbdyimibdabjfhzfhh!bYovibFbyojbgadyfgrbzamibfzlamdogdbda
mizizuim,bfgbdyibrmiodbhimvfcibxa.bmigjimijbzibdyodbjox?”

“Ohbdabdyibrmiodbhimvfci,”bhofjbComdag,b“Fbozbua.gjbdabovaqbdabxa.,bqyig
xa.bhliokbasbfdbfgbdyodbqox,bdyodbfdbqohbzimiblmasihhfagonbcnoldmol,bF
jag'dbkgaqbdyodbFbcomijbqyodbuicozibasbxa.,bqyigbFbmigjimijbfdp--Zfgj!bF
hoxbqyigbFbmigjimijbfd;bFbozbhliokfgrbasbdyiblohdp”

“Xa.bzokibnfrydbasbdyibaunfrodfag,”bmid.mgijbJomgox,b“u.dbFbqfnnbgad
w.omminbqfdyb_xa.m_bnfrydboghqimp”

“Rig.fgibdm.dy,bZmpbJomgox,bdm.hdbzi!bFbyovibragibohfjibsmazbzxbl.mlahi;
Fbqohbhliokfgrboua.dba.mbuifgrbsmfigjhpbGaq,bxa.bkgaqbzi;bxa.bkgaqbFboz
fgcolounibasbonnbdyibyfryimbogjbuiddimbsnfrydhbasbzigpbFsbxa.bja.udbfd,
ohkbHdmxvim,bogjbyi'nnbdinnbxa.bhap”

“Fblmisimbdabsamzbzxbaqgbalfgfag,bqfdya.dbdyibofjbasbyfhp”

“Qinn!bOdbogxbmodibxa.bkgaqbzibohbobjfhhan.dibjar,bqyabyohbgivimbjagi
ogxbraaj,bogjbgivimbqfnnp”

“Fbjag'dbkgaqbdyodbxa.b'givimbqfnnp'”

“U.dbFbja,bogjbxa.bz.hdbdokibzxbqamjbsambfdpbQinn!bFsbxa.bca.njbigj.mi
dabyovibh.cybobqamdynihhbsinnaq,bogjbobsinnaqbasbh.cybfgjfssimigd
mil.dodfag,bcazfgrbogjbrafgrbodbajjbdfzih,bFbhya.njbohkbdyodbFbzfrydbui
limzfddijbdabcazibogjbrabohboblmfvfnirijblimhagbyimi;bdyodbFbzfryd
uibmiromjijbohbogb.hinihhb(ogjbFbqa.njbojj,bfsbfdbqimibgadbsambdyi
mihizunogcibFbjidicdijbuidqiigbxa.bogjbzi,bogb.gamgozigdon)blficibas
s.mgfd.mi,bdanimodijbsambfdhbanjbhimvfci,bogjbdokigbgabgadfcibaspbF
ja.udbfsbFbhya.njbou.hibdyiblimzfhhfagpbFdbfhboby.gjmijbdabagibfsbF
hya.njbovofnbzxhinsbasbfdbsa.mbdfzihbfgbobxiompbFdbqa.njbhodfhsxbzi,bF
jomibhox,bdabkgaqbdyodbFbyojbfdp”

“Qfnnbxa.bdmx?”

“DyodbfhbogadyimbqoxbasbhoxfgrbdyodbFbozblnocijbagbdyibsaadfgrbFbyovi
fgjfcodijpbFbdyogkbxa.,bJomgoxpbFbzoxb.hibdyodbsmiijazbqfdybxa.mbgozi?”

“Fbdyfgkbha,bComdag,buxbdyfhbdfzip”

Dyixbhyaakbyogjhb.lagbfd,bogjbHxjgixbd.mgijboqoxpbQfdyfgbobzfg.di
osdimqomjh,byibqoh,bdabonnba.dqomjbolliomogci,bohb.gh.uhdogdfonbohbivimp

Qyigbyibqohbragi,bogjbfgbdyibca.mhibasbogbivigfgrblohhijbqfdybZfhh
Lmahh,bdyibJacdam,bogjbZmpbNammx,bCyomnihbJomgoxbzojibhazibzigdfagbas
dyfhbcagvimhodfagbfgbrigimonbdimzh,bogjbhlakibasbHxjgixbComdagbohbo
lmaunizbasbcominihhgihhbogjbmicknihhgihhpbYibhlakibasbyfz,bfgbhyamd,bgad
ufddimnxbambziogfgrbdabuiombyomjb.lagbyfz,bu.dbohbogxuajxbzfrydbqyabhoq
yfzbohbyibhyaqijbyfzhinsp

Yibyojbgabfjiobdyodbdyfhbca.njbjqinnbfgbdyibdya.rydhbasbyfhbsofmbxa.gr
qfsi;bu.d,bqyigbyibosdimqomjhb afgijbyimbfgbdyifmbaqgbmaazh,byibsa.gj
yimbqofdfgrbsambyfzbqfdybdyibanjblmiddxbnfsdfgrbasbdyibsamiyiojbhdmagrnx
zomkijp

“Qibomibdya.ryds.nbda-gfryd!”bhofjbJomgox,bjmoqfgrbyfhbomzboua.dbyimp

“Xih,bjiomihdbCyomnih,”bqfdybyimbyogjhbagbyfhbumiohd,bogjbdyibfgw.fmfgr
ogjboddigdfvibielmihhfagbsfeijb.lagbyfz;b“qibomibmodyimbdya.ryds.n
da-gfryd,bsambqibyovibhazidyfgrbagba.mbzfgjbda-gfrydp”

“Qyodbfhbfd,bzxbN.cfi?”

“Qfnnbxa.blmazfhibgadbdablmihhbagibw.ihdfagbagbzi,bfsbFbuirbxa.bgadbda
ohkbfd?”

“QfnnbFblmazfhi?bQyodbqfnnbFbgadblmazfhibdabzxbNavi?”

Qyod,bfgjiij,bqfdybyfhbyogjbl.ddfgrbohfjibdyibranjigbyofmbsmazbdyi
cyiik,bogjbyfhbadyimbyogjborofghdbdyibyiomdbdyodbuiodbsambyfz!

“Fbdyfgk,bCyomnih,blaambZmpbComdagbjihimvihbzamibcaghfjimodfagbogj
mihlicdbdyogbxa.bielmihhijbsambyfzbda-gfrydp”

“Fgjiij,bzxbaqg?bQyxbha?”

“Dyodbfhbqyodbxa.bomibgadbdabohkbzipbU.dbFbdyfgk--Fbkgaq--yibjaihp”

“Fsbxa.bkgaqbfd,bfdbfhbiga.rypbQyodbqa.njbxa.byovibzibja,bzxbNfsi?”

“Fbqa.njbohkbxa.,bjiomihd,bdabuibvimxbrigima.hbqfdybyfzbonqoxh,bogjbvimx
nigfigdbagbyfhbso.ndhbqyigbyibfhbgadbuxpbFbqa.njbohkbxa.bdabuinfivibdyod
yibyohbobyiomdbyibvimx,bvimxbhinjazbmivionh,bogjbdyodbdyimibomibjiil
qa.gjhbfgbfdpbZxbjiom,bFbyovibhiigbfdbuniijfgrp”

“Fdbfhboblofgs.nbmisnicdfagbdabzi,”bhofjbCyomnihbJomgox,bw.fdi
ohda.gjij,b“dyodbFbhya.njbyovibjagibyfzbogxbqmagrpbFbgivimbdya.rydbdyfh
asbyfzp”

“Zxby.huogj,bfdbfhbhapbFbsiombyibfhbgadbdabuibmicnofzij;bdyimibfh
hcomcinxbobyalibdyodbogxdyfgrbfgbyfhbcyomocdimbambsamd.gihbfhbmilomouni
gaqpbU.d,bFbozbh.mibdyodbyibfhbcolounibasbraajbdyfgrh,brigdnibdyfgrh,
ivigbzorgogfza.hbdyfgrhp”

Hyibnaakijbhabuio.dfs.nbfgbdyibl.mfdxbasbyimbsofdybfgbdyfhbnahdbzog,
dyodbyimby.huogjbca.njbyovibnaakijbodbyimbohbhyibqohbsambya.mhp

“Ogj,bAbzxbjiomihdbNavi!”bhyib.mrij,bcnfgrfgrbgiomimbdabyfz,bnoxfgrbyim
yiojb.lagbyfhbumiohd,bogjbmofhfgrbyimbixihbdabyfh,b“mizizuimbyaqbhdmagr
qibomibfgba.mbyollfgihh,bogjbyaqbqiokbyibfhbfgbyfhbzfhimx!”

Dyibh.llnfcodfagbda.cyijbyfzbyazipb“Fbqfnnbonqoxhbmizizuimbfd,bjiom
Yiomd!bFbqfnnbmizizuimbfdbohbnagrbohbFbnfvip”

Yibuigdbavimbdyibranjigbyioj,bogjbl.dbdyibmahxbnflhbdabyfh,bogjbsanjij
yimbfgbyfhbomzhpbFsbagibsamnamgbqogjimimbdyigblocfgrbdyibjomkbhdmiidh,
ca.njbyovibyiomjbyimbfggacigdbjfhcnah.mi,bogjbca.njbyovibhiigbdyibjmalh
asblfdxbkfhhijboqoxbuxbyimby.huogjbsmazbdyibhasdbun.ibixihbhabnavfgrbas
dyodby.huogj,byibzfrydbyovibcmfijbdabdyibgfryd--ogjbdyibqamjhbqa.njbgad
yoviblomdijbsmazbyfhbnflhbsambdyibsfmhdbdfzi--

“Rajbunihhbyimbsambyimbhqiidbcazlohhfag!”




EEFpbIcyafgrbSaadhdilh


Obqagjims.nbcamgimbsambicyaih,bfdbyohbuiigbmizomkij,bdyodbcamgimbqyimi
dyibJacdambnfvijpbIvimbu.hfnxbqfgjfgrbdyibranjigbdymiojbqyfcybua.gj
yimby.huogj,bogjbyimbsodyim,bogjbyimhins,bogjbyimbanjbjfmicdmihhbogj
cazlogfag,bfgbobnfsibasbw.fidbunfhh,bN.cfibhodbfgbdyibhdfnnbya.hibfg
dyibdmogw.fnnxbmiha.gjfgrbcamgim,bnfhdigfgrbdabdyibicyafgrbsaadhdilhbas
xiomhp

Odbsfmhd,bdyimibqimibdfzih,bdya.rybhyibqohboblimsicdnxbyollxbxa.grbqfsi,
qyigbyimbqamkbqa.njbhnaqnxbsonnbsmazbyimbyogjh,bogjbyimbixihbqa.njbui
jfzzijpbSam,bdyimibqohbhazidyfgrbcazfgrbfgbdyibicyaih,bhazidyfgrbnfryd,
osombass,bogjbhcomcinxbo.jfunibxid,bdyodbhdfmmijbyimbyiomdbdaabz.cyp
Sn.ddimfgrbyalihbogjbja.udh--yalih,basbobnavibohbxidb.gkgaqgbdabyim:
ja.udh,basbyimbmizofgfgrb.lagbiomdy,bdabig axbdyodbgiqbjinfryd--jfvfjij
yimbumiohdpbOzagrbdyibicyaihbdyig,bdyimibqa.njbomfhibdyibha.gjbas
saadhdilhbodbyimbaqgbiomnxbrmovi;bogjbdya.rydhbasbdyiby.huogjbqyabqa.nj
uibnisdbhabjihanodi,bogjbqyabqa.njbza.mgbsambyimbhabz.cy,bhqinnijbdabyim
ixih,bogjbumakibnfkibqovihp

Dyodbdfziblohhij,bogjbyimbnfddnibN.cfibnoxbagbyimbuahazpbDyig,bozagrbdyi
ojvogcfgrbicyaih,bdyimibqohbdyibdmiojbasbyimbdfgxbsiidbogjbdyibha.gjbas
yimblmoddnfgrbqamjhpbNidbrmiodimbicyaihbmiha.gjbohbdyixbqa.nj,bdyibxa.gr
zadyimbodbdyibcmojnibhfjibca.njbonqoxhbyiombdyahibcazfgrpbDyixbcozi,bogj
dyibhyojxbya.hibqohbh.ggxbqfdybobcyfnj'hbno.ry,bogjbdyibJfvfgibsmfigjbas
cyfnjmig,bdabqyazbfgbyimbdma.unibhyibyojbcagsfjijbyimh,bhiizijbdabdoki
yimbcyfnjbfgbyfhbomzh,bohbYibdaakbdyibcyfnjbasbanj,bogjbzojibfdbobhocmij
 axbdabyimp

Ivimbu.hfnxbqfgjfgrbdyibranjigbdymiojbdyodbua.gjbdyizbonnbdaridyim,
qiovfgrbdyibhimvfcibasbyimbyollxbfgsn.igcibdyma.rybdyibdfhh.ibasbonn
dyifmbnfvih,bogjbzokfgrbfdblmijazfgodibgaqyimi,bN.cfibyiomjbfgbdyi
icyaihbasbxiomhbgagibu.dbsmfigjnxbogjbhaadyfgrbha.gjhpbYimby.huogj'h
hdilbqohbhdmagrbogjblmahlima.hbozagrbdyiz;byimbsodyim'hbsfmzbogjbiw.onp
Na,bZfhhbLmahh,bfgbyomgihhbasbhdmfgr,boqokigfgrbdyibicyaih,bohbog
.gm.nxbcyomrim,bqyfl-cammicdij,bhgamdfgrbogjbloqfgrbdyibiomdyb.gjimbdyi
lnogi-dmiibfgbdyibromjig!

Ivigbqyigbdyimibqimibha.gjhbasbhammaqbozagrbdyibmihd,bdyixbqimibgad
yomhybgambcm.inpbIvigbqyigbranjigbyofm,bnfkibyimbaqg,bnoxbfgbobyonabagbo
lfnnaqbma.gjbdyibqamgbsocibasbobnfddnibuax,bogjbyibhofj,bqfdybobmojfogd
hzfni,b“Jiomblolobogjbzozzo,bFbozbvimxbhammxbdabniovibxa.buady,bogjbda
niovibzxblmiddxbhfhdim;bu.dbFbozbconnij,bogjbFbz.hdbra!”bdyahibqimibgad
diomhbonnbasboragxbdyodbqiddijbyfhbxa.grbzadyim'hbcyiik,bohbdyibhlfmfd
jilomdijbsmazbyimbizumocibdyodbyojbuiigbigdm.hdijbdabfdpbH.ssimbdyizbogj
samufjbdyizbgadpbDyixbhiibzxbSodyim'hbsocipbAbSodyim,bunihhijbqamjh!

Dy.h,bdyibm.hdnfgrbasbogbOgrin'hbqfgrhbradbunigjijbqfdybdyibadyim
icyaih,bogjbdyixbqimibgadbqyannxbasbiomdy,bu.dbyojbfgbdyizbdyodbumiody
asbYiovigpbHfryhbasbdyibqfgjhbdyodbuniqbavimbobnfddnibromjig-dazubqimi
zfgrnijbqfdybdyizbonha,bogjbuadybqimibo.jfunibdabN.cfi,bfgboby.hyij
z.mz.m--nfkibdyibumiodyfgrbasbobh.zzimbhiobohniilb.lagbobhogjxbhyami--oh
dyibnfddnibN.cfi,bcazfconnxbhd.jfa.hbodbdyibdohkbasbdyibzamgfgr,bam
jmihhfgrbobjannbodbyimbzadyim'hbsaadhdaan,bcyoddimijbfgbdyibdagr.ihbas
dyibDqabCfdfihbdyodbqimibunigjijbfgbyimbnfsip

DyibIcyaihbmominxboghqimijbdabdyibocd.onbdmiojbasbHxjgixbComdagpbHazi
yons-jatigbdfzihbobxiom,bodbzahd,byibcnofzijbyfhblmfvfniribasbcazfgrbfg
.gfgvfdij,bogjbqa.njbhfdbozagrbdyizbdyma.rybdyibivigfgr,bohbyibyojbagci
jagibasdigpbYibgivimbcozibdyimibyiodijbqfdybqfgipbOgjbagibadyimbdyfgr
miromjfgrbyfzbqohbqyfhlimijbfgbdyibicyaih,bqyfcybyohbuiigbqyfhlimijbux
onnbdm.ibicyaihbsamborihbogjborihp

Gabzogbivimbmionnxbnavijbobqazog,bnahdbyim,bogjbkgiqbyimbqfdybo
unozinihhbdya.rybogb.gcyogrijbzfgj,bqyigbhyibqohbobqfsibogjbobzadyim,
u.dbyimbcyfnjmigbyojbobhdmogribhxzlodyxbqfdybyfz--ogbfghdfgcdfvi
jinfcocxbasblfdxbsambyfzpbQyodbsfgibyfjjigbhighfufnfdfihbomibda.cyijbfg
h.cybobcohi,bgabicyaihbdinn;bu.dbfdbfhbha,bogjbfdbqohbhabyimipbComdag
qohbdyibsfmhdbhdmogrimbdabqyazbnfddnibN.cfibyinjba.dbyimbcy.uuxbomzh,
ogjbyibkildbyfhblnocibqfdybyimbohbhyibrmiqpbDyibnfddnibuaxbyojbhlakigbas
yfz,bonzahdbodbdyibnohdpb“LaambComdag!bKfhhbyfzbsambzi!”

ZmpbHdmxvimbhya.njimijbyfhbqoxbdyma.rybdyibnoq,bnfkibhazibrmiodbigrfgi
samcfgrbfdhinsbdyma.rybd.mufjbqodim,bogjbjmorrijbyfhb.his.nbsmfigjbfg
yfhbqoki,bnfkibobuaodbdaqijbohdimgpbOhbdyibuaodbhabsova.mijbfhb.h.onnx
fgbobma.ryblnfryd,bogjbzahdnxb.gjimbqodim,bha,bHxjgixbyojbobhqozlij
nfsibasbfdpbU.d,biohxbogjbhdmagrbc.hdaz,b.gyollfnxbhabz.cybiohfimbogj
hdmagrimbfgbyfzbdyogbogxbhdfz.nodfgrbhighibasbjihimdbambjfhrmoci,bzoji
fdbdyibnfsibyibqohbdabnioj;bogjbyibgabzamibdya.rydbasbizimrfgrbsmazbyfh
hdodibasbnfag'hb ockon,bdyogbogxbmionb ockonbzoxbuibh.llahijbdabdyfgkbas
mfhfgrbdabuibobnfagpbHdmxvimbqohbmfcy;byojbzommfijbobsnamfjbqfjaqbqfdy
lmalimdxbogjbdymiibuaxh,bqyabyojbgadyfgrblomdfc.nomnxbhyfgfgrboua.dbdyiz
u.dbdyibhdmofrydbyofmbasbdyifmbj.zlnfgrbyiojhp

Dyihibdymiibxa.grbrigdnizig,bZmpbHdmxvim,bie.jfgrblodmagoribasbdyibzahd
assighfvibw.onfdxbsmazbivimxblami,byojbqonkijbuisamibyfzbnfkibdymii
hyiilbdabdyibw.fidbcamgimbfgbHaya,bogjbyojbassimijbohbl.lfnhbda
N.cfi'hby.huogj:bjinfcodinxbhoxfgrb“Yonnao!byimibomibdymiibn.zlhbas
umioj-ogj-cyiihibdaqomjhbxa.mbzodmfzagfonblfcgfc,bJomgox!”bDyiblanfdi
mi icdfagbasbdyibdymiibn.zlhbasbumioj-ogj-cyiihibyojbw.fdibunaodijbZmp
Hdmxvimbqfdybfgjfrgodfag,bqyfcybyibosdimqomjhbd.mgijbdabocca.gdbfgbdyi
dmofgfgrbasbdyibxa.grbrigdnizig,buxbjfmicdfgrbdyizbdabuiqomibasbdyi
lmfjibasbUirromh,bnfkibdyodbd.dam-sinnaqpbYibqohbonhabfgbdyibyoufdbas
jicnofzfgrbdabZmhpbHdmxvim,bavimbyfhbs.nn-uajfijbqfgi,bagbdyibomdh
ZmhpbJomgoxbyojbagcibl.dbfgblmocdfcibdab“codcy”byfz,bogjbagbdyi
jfozagj-c.d-jfozagjbomdhbfgbyfzhins,bzojoz,bqyfcybyojbmigjimijbyfzb“gad
dabuibco.rydp”bHazibasbyfhbKfgr'hbUigcybsozfnfomh,bqyabqimibaccohfagonnx
lomdfihbdabdyibs.nn-uajfijbqfgibogjbdyibnfi,biec.hijbyfzbsambdyi
noddimbuxbhoxfgrbdyodbyibyojbdanjbfdbhabasdig,bdyodbyibuinfivij
fdbyfzhins--qyfcybfhbh.minxbh.cybogbfgcammfrfuniborrmovodfagbasbog
amfrfgonnxbuojbassigci,bohbdab .hdfsxbogxbh.cybassigjim'hbuifgrbcommfij
assbdabhazibh.fdounxbmidfmijbhlad,bogjbdyimibyogrijba.dbasbdyibqoxp

DyihibqimibozagrbdyibicyaihbdabqyfcybN.cfi,bhazidfzihblighfvi,bhazidfzih
oz.hijbogjbno.ryfgr,bnfhdigijbfgbdyibicyafgrbcamgim,b.gdfnbyimbnfddni
jo.rydimbqohbhfebxiomhbanjpbYaqbgiombdabyimbyiomdbdyibicyaihbasbyim
cyfnj'hbdmiojbcozi,bogjbdyahibasbyimbaqgbjiombsodyim'h,bonqoxhbocdfvi
ogjbhins-lahhihhij,bogjbdyahibasbyimbjiomby.huogj'h,bgiijbgadbuibdanjp
Gam,byaqbdyibnfrydihdbicyabasbdyifmb.gfdijbyazi,bjfmicdijbuxbyimhins
qfdybh.cybobqfhibogjbinirogdbdymfsdbdyodbfdbqohbzamibou.gjogdbdyogbogx
qohdi,bqohbz.hfcbdabyimpbGam,byaqbdyimibqimibicyaihbonnboua.dbyim,bhqiid
fgbyimbiomh,basbdyibzogxbdfzihbyimbsodyimbyojbdanjbyimbdyodbyibsa.gjbyim
zamibjivadijbdabyfzbzommfijb(fsbdyodbca.njbui)bdyogbhfgrni,bogjbasbdyi
zogxbdfzihbyimby.huogjbyojbhofjbdabyimbdyodbgabcomihbogjbj.dfihbhiizij
dabjfvfjibyimbnavibsambyfzbambyimbyinlbdabyfz,bogjbohkijbyimb“Qyodbfh
dyibzorfcbhicmid,bzxbjomnfgr,basbxa.mbuifgrbivimxdyfgrbdabonnbasb.h,
ohbfsbdyimibqimibagnxbagibasb.h,bxidbgivimbhiizfgrbdabuiby.mmfij,bambda
yovibdaabz.cybdabja?”

U.d,bdyimibqimibadyimbicyaih,bsmazbobjfhdogci,bdyodbm.zunijbzigocfgrnx
fgbdyibcamgimbonnbdyma.rybdyfhbhlocibasbdfzipbOgjbfdbqohbgaq,boua.d
nfddnibN.cfi'hbhfedybufmdyjox,bdyodbdyixbuirogbdabyovibogboqs.nbha.gj,
ohbasbobrmiodbhdamzbfgbSmogcibqfdybobjmiojs.nbhiobmfhfgrp

Agbobgfrydbfgbzfj- .nx,bagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbifrydx-gfgi,bZmp
Nammxbcozibfgbnodi,bsmazbDinnhag'h,bogjbhodbyfzhinsbjaqgbuxbN.cfibogj
yimby.huogjbfgbdyibjomkbqfgjaqpbFdbqohbobyad,bqfnjbgfryd,bogjbdyixbqimi
onnbdymiibmizfgjijbasbdyibanjbH.gjoxbgfrydbqyigbdyixbyojbnaakijbodbdyi
nfrydgfgrbsmazbdyibhoziblnocip

“Fbuirogbdabdyfgk,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bl.hyfgrbyfhbumaqgbqfrbuock,b“dyod
Fbhya.njbyovibdablohhbdyibgfrydbodbDinnhag'hpbQibyovibuiigbhabs.nnbas
u.hfgihhbonnbjox,bdyodbqibyovibgadbkgaqgbqyodbdabjabsfmhd,bambqyfcybqox
dabd.mgpbDyimibfhbh.cybogb.giohfgihhbfgbLomfh,bdyodbqibyovibocd.onnxbo
m.gbasbcagsfjigcib.lagb.h!bA.mbc.hdazimhbavimbdyimi,bhiizbgadbdabuibouni
dabcagsfjibdyifmblmalimdxbdab.hbsohdbiga.rypbDyimibfhblahfdfvinxbobzogfo
ozagrbhazibasbdyizbsambhigjfgrbfdbdabIgrnogjp”

“Dyodbyohbobuojbnaak,”bhofjbJomgox--

“Obuojbnaak,bxa.bhox,bzxbjiombJomgox?bXih,bu.dbqibjag'dbkgaqbqyodbmiohag
dyimibfhbfgbfdpbLialnibomibhab.gmiohagouni!bHazibasb.hbodbDinnhag'hbomi
riddfgrbanj,bogjbqibmionnxbcog'dbuibdma.unijba.dbasbdyibamjfgomxbca.mhi
qfdya.dbj.ibaccohfagp”

“Hdfnn,”bhofjbJomgox,b“xa.bkgaqbyaqbrnaazxbogjbdymiodigfgrbdyibhkxbfhp”

“Fbkgaqbdyod,bdabuibh.mi,”bohhigdijbZmpbNammx,bdmxfgrbdablimh.oji
yfzhinsbdyodbyfhbhqiidbdizlimbqohbha.mij,bogjbdyodbyibrm.zunij,b“u.dbF
ozbjidimzfgijbdabuibliivfhybosdimbzxbnagrbjox'hbuadyimodfagpbQyimibfh
Zogiddi?”

“Yimibyibfh,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bigdimfgrbdyibjomkbmaazbodbdyibzazigdp

“Fbozbw.fdibrnojbxa.bomibodbyazi;bsambdyihiby.mmfihbogjbsamiuajfgrhbux
qyfcybFbyovibuiigbh.mma.gjijbonnbjoxbnagr,byovibzojibzibgimva.hbqfdya.d
miohagpbXa.bomibgadbrafgrba.d,bFbyali?”

“Ga;bFbozbrafgrbdablnoxbuockrozzagbqfdybxa.,bfsbxa.bnfki,”bhofjbdyi
Jacdamp

“Fbjag'dbdyfgkbFbjabnfki,bfsbFbzoxbhliokbzxbzfgjpbFbozbgadbsfdbdabui
lfddijborofghdbxa.bda-gfrydpbFhbdyibdiouaomjbhdfnnbdyimi,bN.cfi?bFbcog'd
hiip”

“Asbca.mhi,bfdbyohbuiigbkildbsambxa.p”

“Dyogkbxi,bzxbjiompbDyiblmicfa.hbcyfnjbfhbhosibfgbuij?”

“Ogjbhniilfgrbha.gjnxp”

“Dyod'hbmfryd;bonnbhosibogjbqinn!bFbjag'dbkgaqbqyxbogxdyfgrbhya.njbui
adyimqfhibdyogbhosibogjbqinnbyimi,bdyogkbRaj;bu.dbFbyovibuiigbhabl.dba.d
onnbjox,bogjbFbozbgadbohbxa.grbohbFbqoh!bZxbdio,bzxbjiom!bDyogkbxipbGaq,
cazibogjbdokibxa.mblnocibfgbdyibcfmcni,bogjbnidb.hbhfdbw.fid,bogjbyiom
dyibicyaihboua.dbqyfcybxa.byovibxa.mbdyiamxp”

“Gadbobdyiamx;bfdbqohbobsogcxp”

“Obsogcx,bdyig,bzxbqfhiblid,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bloddfgrbyimbyogjpb“Dyix
omibvimxbg.zima.hbogjbvimxbna.j,bdya.ry,bomibdyixbgad?bAgnxbyiombdyiz!”

Yiojnagr,bzoj,bogjbjogrima.hbsaadhdilhbdabsamcibdyifmbqoxbfgdabogxuajx'h
nfsi,bsaadhdilhbgadbiohfnxbzojibcniogborofgbfsbagcibhdofgijbmij,bdyi
saadhdilhbmorfgrbfgbHofgdbOgdafgibosombass,bohbdyibnfddnibcfmcnibhodbfg
dyibjomkbNagjagbqfgjaqp

HofgdbOgdafgibyojbuiig,bdyodbzamgfgr,bobvohdbj.hkxbzohhbasbhcomicmaqh
yiovfgrbdabogjbsma,bqfdybsmiw.igdbrniozhbasbnfrydbouavibdyibufnnaqx
yiojh,bqyimibhdiinbunojihbogjbuoxagidhbhyagibfgbdyibh.gpbObdmizigja.h
maombomahibsmazbdyibdymaodbasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bogjbobsamihdbasbgokijbomzh
hdm.rrnijbfgbdyibofmbnfkibhymfvinnijbumogcyihbasbdmiihbfgbobqfgdimbqfgj:
onnbdyibsfgrimhbcagv.nhfvinxbcn.dcyfgrbodbivimxbqiolagbambhizunogcibasbo
qiolagbdyodbqohbdymaqgb.lbsmazbdyibjildyhbuinaq,bgabzoddimbyaqbsombassp

Qyabrovibdyizba.d,bqyigcibdyixbnohdbcozi,bqyimibdyixbuirog,bdyma.rybqyod
origcxbdyixbcmaakijnxbw.fvimijbogjb imkij,bhcamihbodbobdfzi,bavimbdyi
yiojhbasbdyibcmaqj,bnfkibobkfgjbasbnfrydgfgr,bgabixibfgbdyibdymagrbca.nj
yovibdanj;bu.d,bz.hkidhbqimibuifgrbjfhdmfu.dij--habqimibcomdmfjrih,
laqjim,bogjbuonn,buomhbasbfmagbogjbqaaj,bkgfvih,boeih,blfkih,bivimx
qiolagbdyodbjfhdmocdijbfgrig.fdxbca.njbjfhcavimbambjivfhipbLialnibqya
ca.njbnoxbyanjbasbgadyfgrbinhi,bhidbdyizhinvihbqfdybuniijfgrbyogjhbda
samcibhdagihbogjbumfckhba.dbasbdyifmblnocihbfgbqonnhpbIvimxbl.nhibogj
yiomdbfgbHofgdbOgdafgibqohbagbyfry-sivimbhdmofgbogjbodbyfry-sivimbyiodp
Ivimxbnfvfgrbcmiod.mibdyimibyinjbnfsibohbasbgabocca.gd,bogjbqohbjizigdij
qfdyboblohhfagodibmiojfgihhbdabhocmfsfcibfdp

Ohbobqyfmnlaanbasbuafnfgrbqodimhbyohbobcigdmiblafgd,bha,bonnbdyfhbmorfgr
cfmcnijbma.gjbJisomri'hbqfgi-hyal,bogjbivimxby.zogbjmalbfgbdyibconjmag
yojbobdigjigcxbdabuibh.ckijbdaqomjhbdyibvamdiebqyimibJisomribyfzhins,
onmiojxbuirmfzijbqfdybr.glaqjimbogjbhqiod,bfhh.ijbamjimh,bfhh.ijbomzh,
dym.hdbdyfhbzogbuock,bjmorrijbdyfhbzogbsamqomj,bjfhomzijbagibdabomz
ogadyim,bnoua.mijbogjbhdmavibfgbdyibdyfckihdbasbdyib.lmaomp

“Kiilbgiombdabzi,b ocw.ihbDymii,”bcmfijbJisomri;b“ogjbjabxa.,b ocw.ih
AgibogjbDqa,bhilomodibogjbl.dbxa.mhinvihbodbdyibyiojbasbohbzogxbasbdyihi
lodmfadhbohbxa.bcogpbQyimibfhbzxbqfsi?”

“Iy,bqinn!bYimibxa.bhiibzi!”bhofjbzojozi,bcazlahijbohbivim,bu.dbgad
kgfddfgrbda-joxpbZojozi'hbmihan.dibmfrydbyogjbqohbacc.lfijbqfdybogboei,
fgblnocibasbdyib.h.onbhasdimbfzlnizigdh,bogjbfgbyimbrfmjnibqimiboblfhdan
ogjbobcm.inbkgfsip

“Qyimibjabxa.bra,bzxbqfsi?”

“Fbra,”bhofjbzojozi,b“qfdybxa.bodblmihigdpbXa.bhyonnbhiibzibodbdyibyioj
asbqazig,bux-ogj-uxip”

“Cazi,bdyig!”bcmfijbJisomri,bfgbobmiha.gjfgrbvafcipb“Lodmfadhbogj
smfigjh,bqibomibmiojx!bDyibUohdfnni!”

Qfdybobmaombdyodbha.gjijbohbfsbonnbdyibumiodybfgbSmogcibyojbuiigbhyolij
fgdabdyibjidihdijbqamj,bdyibnfvfgrbhiobmahi,bqovibagbqovi,bjildybag
jildy,bogjbavimsnaqijbdyibcfdxbdabdyodblafgdpbOnomz-uinnhbmfgrfgr,bjm.zh
uiodfgr,bdyibhiobmorfgrbogjbdy.gjimfgrbagbfdhbgiqbuiocy,bdyiboddock
uirogp

Jiilbjfdcyih,bja.unibjmoqumfjri,bzohhfvibhdagibqonnh,bifrydbrmiod
daqimh,bcoggag,bz.hkidh,bsfmibogjbhzakipbDyma.rybdyibsfmibogjbdyma.ry
dyibhzaki--fgbdyibsfmibogjbfgbdyibhzaki,bsambdyibhiobcohdbyfzb.lborofghd
obcoggag,bogjbagbdyibfghdogdbyibuicozibobcoggagfim--Jisomribasbdyi
qfgi-hyalbqamkijbnfkibobzogs.nbhanjfim,bDqabsfimcibya.mhp

Jiilbjfdcy,bhfgrnibjmoqumfjri,bzohhfvibhdagibqonnh,bifrydbrmiodbdaqimh,
coggag,bz.hkidh,bsfmibogjbhzakipbAgibjmoqumfjribjaqg!b“Qamk,bcazmojih
onn,bqamk!bQamk,b ocw.ihbAgi,b ocw.ihbDqa,b ocw.ihbAgibDya.hogj,b ocw.ih
DqabDya.hogj,b ocw.ihbSfvi-ogj-DqigdxbDya.hogj;bfgbdyibgozibasbonn
dyibOgrinhbambdyibJivfnh--qyfcybxa.blmisim--qamk!”bDy.hbJisomribasbdyi
qfgi-hyal,bhdfnnbodbyfhbr.g,bqyfcybyojbnagrbrmaqgbyadp

“Dabzi,bqazig!”bcmfijbzojozibyfhbqfsipb“Qyod!bQibcogbkfnnbohbqinnboh
dyibzigbqyigbdyiblnocibfhbdokig!”bOgjbdabyim,bqfdybobhymfnnbdyfmhdx
cmx,bdmaalfgrbqazigbvomfa.hnxbomzij,bu.dbonnbomzijbonfkibfgby.grimbogj
mivigrip

Coggag,bz.hkidh,bsfmibogjbhzaki;bu.d,bhdfnnbdyibjiilbjfdcy,bdyibhfgrni
jmoqumfjri,bdyibzohhfvibhdagibqonnh,bogjbdyibifrydbrmiodbdaqimhpbHnfryd
jfhlnocizigdhbasbdyibmorfgrbhio,bzojibuxbdyibsonnfgrbqa.gjijpbSnohyfgr
qiolagh,bunotfgrbdamcyih,bhzakfgrbqorragnaojhbasbqidbhdmoq,byomjbqamk
odbgifryua.mfgrbuommfcojihbfgbonnbjfmicdfagh,bhymfikh,bvannixh,
ieicmodfagh,bumovimxbqfdya.dbhdfgd,buaazbhzohybogjbmoddni,bogjbdyi
s.mfa.hbha.gjfgrbasbdyibnfvfgrbhio;bu.d,bhdfnnbdyibjiilbjfdcy,bogjbdyi
hfgrnibjmoqumfjri,bogjbdyibzohhfvibhdagibqonnh,bogjbdyibifrydbrmiod
daqimh,bogjbhdfnnbJisomribasbdyibqfgi-hyalbodbyfhbr.g,brmaqgbja.unxbyad
uxbdyibhimvfcibasbSa.mbsfimcibya.mhp

Obqyfdibsnorbsmazbqfdyfgbdyibsamdmihh,bogjboblomnix--dyfhbjfznx
limcildfunibdyma.rybdyibmorfgrbhdamz,bgadyfgrbo.jfunibfgbfd--h.jjignx
dyibhiobmahibfzzioh.mounxbqfjimbogjbyfryim,bogjbhqildbJisomribasbdyi
qfgi-hyalbavimbdyibnaqimijbjmoqumfjri,blohdbdyibzohhfvibhdagiba.dim
qonnh,bfgbozagrbdyibifrydbrmiodbdaqimhbh.mmigjimij!

Habmihfhdnihhbqohbdyibsamcibasbdyibaciogbuiomfgrbyfzbag,bdyodbivigbda
jmoqbyfhbumiodybambd.mgbyfhbyiojbqohbohbfzlmocdfcounibohbfsbyibyojbuiig
hdm.rrnfgrbfgbdyibh.msbodbdyibHa.dybHio,b.gdfnbyibqohbnogjijbfgbdyi
a.dimbca.mdxomjbasbdyibUohdfnnipbDyimi,borofghdbogbogrnibasbobqonn,byi
zojibobhdm.rrnibdabnaakboua.dbyfzpb ocw.ihbDymiibqohbgiomnxbodbyfhbhfji;
ZojozibJisomri,bhdfnnbyiojfgrbhazibasbyimbqazig,bqohbvfhfunibfgbdyi
fggimbjfhdogci,bogjbyimbkgfsibqohbfgbyimbyogjpbIvimxqyimibqohbd.z.nd,
ie.ndodfag,bjiosigfgrbogjbzogfoconbuiqfnjimzigd,bohda.gjfgrbgafhi,bxid
s.mfa.hbj.zu-hyaqp

“DyibLmfhagimh!”

“DyibMicamjh!”

“Dyibhicmidbcinnh!”

“Dyibfghdm.zigdhbasbdamd.mi!”

“DyibLmfhagimh!”

Asbonnbdyihibcmfih,bogjbdigbdya.hogjbfgcayimigcih,b“DyibLmfhagimh!”bqoh
dyibcmxbzahdbdokigb.lbuxbdyibhiobdyodbm.hyijbfg,bohbfsbdyimibqimibog
idimgfdxbasblialni,bohbqinnbohbasbdfzibogjbhlocipbQyigbdyibsamizahd
ufnnaqhbmannijblohd,buiomfgrbdyiblmfhagbassfcimhbqfdybdyiz,bogj
dymiodigfgrbdyizbonnbqfdybfghdogdbjiodybfsbogxbhicmidbgaakbmizofgij
.gjfhcnahij,bJisomribnofjbyfhbhdmagrbyogjbagbdyibumiohdbasbagibas
dyihibzig--obzogbqfdybobrmixbyioj,bqyabyojbobnfrydijbdamcybfgbyfh
yogj--hilomodijbyfzbsmazbdyibmihd,bogjbradbyfzbuidqiigbyfzhinsbogjbdyi
qonnp

“HyaqbzibdyibGamdybDaqim!”bhofjbJisomripb“W.fck!”

“Fbqfnnbsofdys.nnx,”bmilnfijbdyibzog,b“fsbxa.bqfnnbcazibqfdybzipbU.d
dyimibfhbgabagibdyimip”

“QyodbfhbdyibziogfgrbasbAgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqim?”bohkij
Jisomripb“W.fck!”

“Dyibziogfgr,bzaghfi.m?”

“Jaihbfdbziogbobcoldfvi,bamboblnocibasbcoldfvfdx?bAmbjabxa.bziogbdyodbF
hyonnbhdmfkibxa.bjioj?”

“Kfnnbyfz!”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymii,bqyabyojbcazibcnahib.lp

“Zaghfi.m,bfdbfhbobcinnp”

“Hyaqbfdbzi!”

“Lohhbdyfhbqox,bdyigp”

 ocw.ihbDymii,bqfdybyfhb.h.onbcmovfgrbagbyfz,bogjbivfjigdnxbjfhollafgdij
uxbdyibjfonar.ibdokfgrbobd.mgbdyodbjfjbgadbhiizbdablmazfhibunaajhyij,
yinjbuxbJisomri'hbomzbohbyibyinjbuxbdyibd.mgkix'hpbDyifmbdymiibyiojhbyoj
uiigbcnahibdaridyimbj.mfgrbdyfhbumfisbjfhca.mhi,bogjbfdbyojbuiigbohbz.cy
ohbdyixbca.njbjabdabyiombagibogadyim,bivigbdyig:bhabdmizigja.hbqohbdyi
gafhibasbdyibnfvfgrbaciog,bfgbfdhbfmm.ldfagbfgdabdyibSamdmihh,bogj
fdhbfg.gjodfagbasbdyibca.mdhbogjblohhorihbogjbhdofmcohihpbOnnboma.gj
a.dhfji,bdaa,bfdbuiodbdyibqonnhbqfdybobjiil,byaomhibmaom,bsmazbqyfcy,
accohfagonnx,bhaziblomdfonbhya.dhbasbd.z.ndbumakibogjbniolijbfgdabdyi
ofmbnfkibhlmoxp

Dyma.rybrnaazxbvo.ndhbqyimibdyibnfrydbasbjoxbyojbgivimbhyagi,blohd
yfjia.hbjaamhbasbjomkbjighbogjbcorih,bjaqgbcovimga.hbsnfrydhbasbhdilh,
ogjborofgb.lbhdiilbm.rrijbohcigdhbasbhdagibogjbumfck,bzamibnfkibjmx
qodimsonnhbdyogbhdofmcohih,bJisomri,bdyibd.mgkix,bogjb ocw.ihbDymii,
nfgkijbyogjbogjbomz,bqigdbqfdybonnbdyibhliijbdyixbca.njbzokipbYimibogj
dyimi,bihlicfonnxbodbsfmhd,bdyibfg.gjodfagbhdomdijbagbdyizbogjbhqildbux;
u.dbqyigbdyixbyojbjagibjihcigjfgr,bogjbqimibqfgjfgrbogjbcnfzufgrb.lbo
daqim,bdyixbqimibonagipbYizzijbfgbyimibuxbdyibzohhfvibdyfckgihhbasbqonnh
ogjbomcyih,bdyibhdamzbqfdyfgbdyibsamdmihhbogjbqfdya.dbqohbagnxbo.jfuni
dabdyizbfgbobj.nn,bh.uj.ijbqox,bohbfsbdyibgafhiba.dbasbqyfcybdyixbyoj
cazibyojbonzahdbjihdmaxijbdyifmbhighibasbyiomfgrp

Dyibd.mgkixbhdallijbodbobnaqbjaam,bl.dbobkixbfgbobcnohyfgrbnack,bhq.gr
dyibjaambhnaqnxbalig,bogjbhofj,bohbdyixbonnbuigdbdyifmbyiojhbogjblohhij
fg:

“Agiby.gjmijbogjbsfvi,bGamdybDaqim!”

Dyimibqohbobhzonn,byiovfnx-rmodij,b.grnotijbqfgjaqbyfrybfgbdyibqonn,
qfdybobhdagibhcmiigbuisamibfd,bhabdyodbdyibhkxbca.njbuibagnxbhiigbux
hdaalfgrbnaqbogjbnaakfgrb.lpbDyimibqohbobhzonnbcyfzgix,byiovfnxbuommij
ocmahh,bobsiqbsiidbqfdyfgpbDyimibqohbobyiolbasbanjbsiodyimxbqaaj-ohyih
agbdyibyiomdypbDyimibqohbobhdaan,bogjbdouni,bogjbobhdmoqbuijpbDyimibqimi
dyibsa.mbunockigijbqonnh,bogjbobm.hdijbfmagbmfgrbfgbagibasbdyizp

“Lohhbdyodbdamcybhnaqnxbonagrbdyihibqonnh,bdyodbFbzoxbhiibdyiz,”bhofj
Jisomribdabdyibd.mgkixp

Dyibzogbauixij,bogjbJisomribsannaqijbdyibnfrydbcnahinxbqfdybyfhbixihp

“Hdal!--Naakbyimi,b ocw.ih!”

“OpbZp!”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymii,bohbyibmiojbrmiijfnxp

“OnieogjmibZogiddi,”bhofjbJisomribfgbyfhbiom,bsannaqfgrbdyibniddimh
qfdybyfhbhqomdbsamisfgrim,bjiilnxbigrmofgijbqfdybr.glaqjimpb“Ogjbyimibyi
qmadib'oblaamblyxhfcfogp'bOgjbfdbqohbyi,bqfdya.dbja.ud,bqyabhcmodcyij
obconigjombagbdyfhbhdagipbQyodbfhbdyodbfgbxa.mbyogj?bObcmaquom?bRfvibfd
zi!”

Yibyojbhdfnnbdyibnfghdackbasbyfhbr.gbfgbyfhbaqgbyogjpbYibzojibobh.jjig
iecyogribasbdyibdqabfghdm.zigdh,bogjbd.mgfgrbagbdyibqamz-iodigbhdaanbogj
douni,buiodbdyizbdablficihbfgbobsiqbunaqhp

“Yanjbdyibnfrydbyfryim!”byibhofj,bqmodys.nnx,bdabdyibd.mgkixpb“Naak
ozagrbdyahibsmorzigdhbqfdybcomi,b ocw.ihpbOgjbhii!bYimibfhbzxbkgfsi,”
bdymaqfgrbfdbdabyfz;b“mflbaligbdyodbuij,bogjbhiomcybdyibhdmoqpbYanjbdyi
nfrydbyfryim,bxa.!”

Qfdybobzigocfgrbnaakbodbdyibd.mgkixbyibcmoqnijb.lagbdyibyiomdy,bogj,
liimfgrb.lbdyibcyfzgix,bhdm.ckbogjblmfhijbodbfdhbhfjihbqfdybdyibcmaquom,
ogjbqamkijbodbdyibfmagbrmodfgrbocmahhbfdpbFgbobsiqbzfg.dih,bhazibzamdom
ogjbj.hdbcozibjmallfgrbjaqg,bqyfcybyibovimdijbyfhbsocibdabovafj;bogj
fgbfd,bogjbfgbdyibanjbqaaj-ohyih,bogjbfgbobcmivfcibfgbdyibcyfzgix
fgdabqyfcybyfhbqiolagbyojbhnfllijbambqma.rydbfdhins,byibrmalijbqfdybo
co.dfa.hbda.cyp

“Gadyfgrbfgbdyibqaaj,bogjbgadyfgrbfgbdyibhdmoq,b ocw.ih?”

“Gadyfgrp”

“Nidb.hbcannicdbdyizbdaridyim,bfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibcinnpbHa!bNfryd
dyiz,bxa.!”

Dyibd.mgkixbsfmijbdyibnfddniblfni,bqyfcybunotijbyfrybogjbyadpbHdaalfgr
orofgbdabcaziba.dbodbdyibnaq-omcyijbjaam,bdyixbnisdbfdbu.mgfgr,bogj
midmocijbdyifmbqoxbdabdyibca.mdxomj;bhiizfgrbdabmicavimbdyifmbhighi
asbyiomfgrbohbdyixbcozibjaqg,b.gdfnbdyixbqimibfgbdyibmorfgrbsnaajbagci
zamip

Dyixbsa.gjbfdbh.mrfgrbogjbdahhfgr,bfgbw.ihdbasbJisomribyfzhinspbHofgd
Ogdafgibqohbcnozama.hbdabyovibfdhbqfgi-hyalbkiilimbsamizahdbfgbdyibr.omj
.lagbdyibravimgambqyabyojbjisigjijbdyibUohdfnnibogjbhyadbdyiblialnip
Adyimqfhi,bdyibravimgambqa.njbgadbuibzomcyijbdabdyibYadinbjibVfnnibsam
 .jrzigdpbAdyimqfhi,bdyibravimgambqa.njbihcoli,bogjbdyiblialni'h
unaajb(h.jjignxbasbhazibvon.i,bosdimbzogxbxiomhbasbqamdynihhgihh)bui
.govigrijp

Fgbdyibyaqnfgrb.gfvimhibasblohhfagbogjbcagdigdfagbdyodbhiizijbda
igcazlohhbdyfhbrmfzbanjbassfcimbcaghlfc.a.hbfgbyfhbrmixbcaodbogjbmij
jicamodfag,bdyimibqohbu.dbagibw.fdibhdiojxbsfr.mi,bogjbdyodbqohbo
qazog'hpb“Hii,bdyimibfhbzxby.huogj!”bhyibcmfij,blafgdfgrbyfzba.dp
“HiibJisomri!”bHyibhdaajbfzzavounibcnahibdabdyibrmfzbanjbassfcim,bogj
mizofgijbfzzavounibcnahibdabyfz;bmizofgijbfzzavounibcnahibdabyfzbdyma.ry
dyibhdmiidh,bohbJisomribogjbdyibmihdbuamibyfzbonagr;bmizofgijbfzzavouni
cnahibdabyfzbqyigbyibqohbradbgiombyfhbjihdfgodfag,bogjbuirogbda
uibhdm.ckbodbsmazbuiyfgj;bmizofgijbfzzavounibcnahibdabyfzbqyigbdyi
nagr-rodyimfgrbmofgbasbhdouhbogjbunaqhbsinnbyiovx;bqohbhabcnahibdabyfz
qyigbyibjmallijbjiojb.gjimbfd,bdyod,bh.jjignxbogfzodij,bhyibl.dbyimbsaad
.lagbyfhbgick,bogjbqfdybyimbcm.inbkgfsi--nagrbmiojx--yiqijbassbyfhbyiojp

Dyibya.mbqohbcazi,bqyigbHofgdbOgdafgibqohbdabieic.dibyfhbyammfunibfjio
asbyafhdfgrb.lbzigbsambnozlhbdabhyaqbqyodbyibca.njbuibogjbjapbHofgd
Ogdafgi'hbunaajbqohb.l,bogjbdyibunaajbasbdxmoggxbogjbjazfgodfagbuxbdyi
fmagbyogjbqohbjaqg--jaqgbagbdyibhdilhbasbdyibYadinbjibVfnnibqyimibdyi
ravimgam'hbuajxbnox--jaqgbagbdyibhanibasbdyibhyaibasbZojozibJisomri
qyimibhyibyojbdmajjigbagbdyibuajxbdabhdiojxbfdbsambz.dfnodfagpb“Naqim
dyibnozlbxagjim!”bcmfijbHofgdbOgdafgi,bosdimbrnomfgrbma.gjbsambobgiq
zioghbasbjiody;b“yimibfhbagibasbyfhbhanjfimhbdabuibnisdbagbr.omj!”bDyi
hqfgrfgrbhigdfginbqohblahdij,bogjbdyibhiobm.hyijbagp

Dyibhiobasbunockbogjbdymiodigfgrbqodimh,bogjbasbjihdm.cdfvib.lyiovfgr
asbqoviborofghdbqovi,bqyahibjildyhbqimibxidb.gsodyazijbogjbqyahibsamcih
qimibxidb.gkgaqgpbDyibmizamhinihhbhiobasbd.mu.nigdnxbhqoxfgrbhyolih,
vafcihbasbvigriogci,bogjbsocihbyomjigijbfgbdyibs.mgocihbasbh.ssimfgr
.gdfnbdyibda.cybasblfdxbca.njbzokibgabzomkbagbdyizp

U.d,bfgbdyibaciogbasbsocihbqyimibivimxbsfimcibogjbs.mfa.hbielmihhfagbqoh
fgbvfvfjbnfsi,bdyimibqimibdqabrma.lhbasbsocih--iocybhivigbfgbg.zuim--ha
sfeijnxbcagdmohdfgrbqfdybdyibmihd,bdyodbgivimbjfjbhiobmannbqyfcybuami
zamibzizamounibqmickhbqfdybfdpbHivigbsocihbasblmfhagimh,bh.jjignx
miniohijbuxbdyibhdamzbdyodbyojbu.mhdbdyifmbdazu,bqimibcommfijbyfry
avimyioj:bonnbhcomij,bonnbnahd,bonnbqagjimfgrbogjbozotij,bohbfsbdyibNohd
Joxbqimibcazi,bogjbdyahibqyabmi afcijboma.gjbdyizbqimibnahdbhlfmfdhp
Adyimbhivigbsocihbdyimibqimi,bcommfijbyfryim,bhivigbjiojbsocih,bqyahi
jmaalfgrbixinfjhbogjbyons-hiigbixihboqofdijbdyibNohdbJoxpbFzlohhfvi
socih,bxidbqfdybobh.hligjij--gadbogbouanfhyij--ielmihhfagbagbdyiz;
socih,bmodyim,bfgbobsioms.nblo.hi,bohbyovfgrbxidbdabmofhibdyibjmallij
nfjhbasbdyibixih,bogjbuiombqfdgihhbqfdybdyibunaajnihhbnflh,b“DYA.bJFJHD
FD!”

Hivigblmfhagimhbminiohij,bhivigbramxbyiojhbagblfkih,bdyibkixhbasbdyi
occ.mhijbsamdmihhbasbdyibifrydbhdmagrbdaqimh,bhazibjfhcavimijbniddimh
ogjbadyimbzizamfonhbasblmfhagimhbasbanjbdfzi,bnagrbjiojbasbumakig
yiomdh,--h.cy,bogjbh.cy--nfki,bdyibna.jnxbicyafgrbsaadhdilhbasbHofgd
Ogdafgibihcamdbdyma.rybdyibLomfhbhdmiidhbfgbzfj- .nx,bagibdya.hogjbhivig
y.gjmijbogjbifrydx-gfgipbGaq,bYiovigbjisiodbdyibsogcxbasbN.cfibJomgox,
ogjbkiilbdyihibsiidbsomba.dbasbyimbnfsi!bSam,bdyixbomibyiojnagr,bzoj,
ogjbjogrima.h;bogjbfgbdyibxiomhbhabnagrbosdimbdyibumiokfgrbasbdyibcohk
odbJisomri'hbqfgi-hyalbjaam,bdyixbomibgadbiohfnxbl.mfsfijbqyigbagci
hdofgijbmijp




EEFFpbDyibHiobHdfnnbMfhih


YorromjbHofgdbOgdafgibyojbyojbagnxbagibie.ndogdbqiik,bfgbqyfcybdabhasdig
yfhbzajfc.zbasbyomjbogjbufddimbumiojbdabh.cybiedigdbohbyibca.nj,bqfdy
dyibminfhybasbsmodimgonbizumocihbogjbcagrmod.nodfagh,bqyigbZojozi
Jisomribhodbodbyimbca.gdim,bohb.h.on,blmihfjfgrbavimbdyibc.hdazimhp
ZojozibJisomribqamibgabmahibfgbyimbyioj,bsambdyibrmiodbumadyimyaajbas
Hlfihbyojbuicazi,bivigbfgbagibhyamdbqiik,biedmizinxbcyomxbasbdm.hdfgr
dyizhinvihbdabdyibhofgd'hbzimcfihpbDyibnozlhbocmahhbyfhbhdmiidhbyojbo
lamdigda.hnxbinohdfcbhqfgrbqfdybdyizp

ZojozibJisomri,bqfdybyimbomzhbsanjij,bhodbfgbdyibzamgfgrbnfrydbogjbyiod,
cagdizlnodfgrbdyibqfgi-hyalbogjbdyibhdmiidpbFgbuady,bdyimibqimibhivimon
kgadhbasbna.grimh,bhw.onfjbogjbzfhimouni,bu.dbgaqbqfdybobzogfsihdbhighi
asblaqimbigdymagijbagbdyifmbjfhdmihhpbDyibmorrijihdbgfrydcol,boqmxbag
dyibqmidcyijihdbyioj,byojbdyfhbcmaakijbhfrgfsfcogcibfgbfd:b“Fbkgaqbyaq
yomjbfdbyohbrmaqgbsambzi,bdyibqiomimbasbdyfh,bdabh.llamdbnfsibfgbzxhins;
u.dbjabxa.bkgaqbyaqbiohxbfdbyohbrmaqgbsambzi,bdyibqiomimbasbdyfh,bda
jihdmaxbnfsibfgbxa.?”bIvimxbniogbuomibomz,bdyodbyojbuiigbqfdya.dbqamk
uisami,byojbdyfhbqamkbonqoxhbmiojxbsambfdbgaq,bdyodbfdbca.njbhdmfkip
Dyibsfgrimhbasbdyibkgfddfgrbqazigbqimibvfcfa.h,bqfdybdyibielimfigcibdyod
dyixbca.njbdiompbDyimibqohbobcyogribfgbdyibolliomogcibasbHofgdbOgdafgi;
dyibfzoribyojbuiigbyozzimfgrbfgdabdyfhbsamby.gjmijhbasbxiomh,bogjbdyi
nohdbsfgfhyfgrbunaqhbyojbdanjbzfrydfnxbagbdyibielmihhfagp

ZojozibJisomribhodbauhimvfgrbfd,bqfdybh.cybh.llmihhijbollmavonbohbqoh
dabuibjihfmijbfgbdyibniojimbasbdyibHofgdbOgdafgibqazigpbAgibasbyim
hfhdimyaajbkgfddijbuihfjibyimpbDyibhyamd,bmodyimbln.zlbqfsibasbobhdomvij
rmacim,bogjbdyibzadyimbasbdqabcyfnjmigbqfdyon,bdyfhbnfi.digogdbyoj
onmiojxbiomgijbdyibcazlnfzigdomxbgozibasbDyibVigriogcip

“Yomk!”bhofjbDyibVigriogcipb“Nfhdig,bdyig!bQyabcazih?”

Ohbfsbobdmofgbasblaqjimbnofjbsmazbdyiba.dimzahdbua.gjbasbHofgdbOgdafgi
W.omdimbdabdyibqfgi-hyalbjaam,byojbuiigbh.jjignxbsfmij,bobsohd-hlmiojfgr
z.mz.mbcozibm.hyfgrbonagrp

“FdbfhbJisomri,”bhofjbzojozipb“Hfnigci,blodmfadh!”

Jisomribcozibfgbumiodynihh,bl.nnijbassbobmijbcolbyibqami,bogjbnaakij
oma.gjbyfz!b“Nfhdig,bivimxqyimi!”bhofjbzojoziborofgpb“Nfhdigbdabyfz!”
bJisomribhdaaj,blogdfgr,borofghdbobuockrma.gjbasbiorimbixihbogjbalig
za.dyh,bsamzijba.dhfjibdyibjaam;bonnbdyahibqfdyfgbdyibqfgi-hyalbyoj
hlm.grbdabdyifmbsiidp

“Hoxbdyig,bzxby.huogjpbQyodbfhbfd?”

“Giqhbsmazbdyibadyimbqamnj!”

“Yaq,bdyig?”bcmfijbzojozi,bcagdizld.a.hnxpb“Dyibadyimbqamnj?”

“JaihbivimxuajxbyimibmiconnbanjbSa.nag,bqyabdanjbdyibsozfhyijblialni
dyodbdyixbzfrydbiodbrmohh,bogjbqyabjfij,bogjbqigdbdabYinn?”

“Ivimxuajx!”bsmazbonnbdymaodhp

“DyibgiqhbfhbasbyfzpbYibfhbozagrb.h!”

“Ozagrb.h!”bsmazbdyib.gfvimhonbdymaodborofgpb“Ogjbjioj?”

“Gadbjioj!bYibsiomijb.hbhabz.cy--ogjbqfdybmiohag--dyodbyibco.hijbyfzhins
dabuibmilmihigdijbohbjioj,bogjbyojbobrmogjbzack-s.gimonpbU.dbdyixbyovi
sa.gjbyfzbonfvi,byfjfgrbfgbdyibca.gdmx,bogjbyovibuma.rydbyfzbfgpbFbyovi
hiigbyfzbu.dbgaq,bagbyfhbqoxbdabdyibYadinbjibVfnni,boblmfhagimpbFbyovi
hofjbdyodbyibyojbmiohagbdabsiomb.hpbHoxbonn!b_Yoj_byibmiohag?”

Qmidcyijbanjbhfggimbasbzamibdyogbdymiihcamibxiomhbogjbdig,bfsbyibyoj
givimbkgaqgbfdbxid,byibqa.njbyovibkgaqgbfdbfgbyfhbyiomdbasbyiomdhbfsbyi
ca.njbyovibyiomjbdyiboghqimfgrbcmxp

Obzazigdbasblmasa.gjbhfnigcibsannaqijpbJisomribogjbyfhbqfsibnaakij
hdiojsohdnxbodbagibogadyimpbDyibVigriogcibhdaalij,bogjbdyib ombasbobjm.z
qohbyiomjbohbhyibzavijbfdbodbyimbsiidbuiyfgjbdyibca.gdimp

“Lodmfadh!”bhofjbJisomri,bfgbobjidimzfgijbvafci,b“omibqibmiojx?”

FghdogdnxbZojozibJisomri'hbkgfsibqohbfgbyimbrfmjni;bdyibjm.zbqohbuiodfgr
fgbdyibhdmiidh,bohbfsbfdbogjbobjm.zzimbyojbsnaqgbdaridyimbuxbzorfc;bogj
DyibVigriogci,b.ddimfgrbdimmfsfcbhymfikh,bogjbsnfgrfgrbyimbomzhboua.d
yimbyiojbnfkibonnbdyibsamdxbS.mfihbodbagci,bqohbdiomfgrbsmazbya.hibda
ya.hi,bma.hfgrbdyibqazigp

Dyibzigbqimibdimmfuni,bfgbdyibunaajx-zfgjijbogrimbqfdybqyfcybdyixbnaakij
smazbqfgjaqh,bco.rydb.lbqyodbomzhbdyixbyoj,bogjbcozibla.mfgrbjaqgbfgda
dyibhdmiidh;bu.d,bdyibqazigbqimibobhfrydbdabcyfnnbdyibuanjihdpbSmaz
h.cybya.hiyanjbacc.lodfaghbohbdyifmbuomiblavimdxbxfinjij,bsmazbdyifm
cyfnjmig,bsmazbdyifmborijbogjbdyifmbhfckbcma.cyfgrbagbdyibuomibrma.gj
sozfhyijbogjbgokij,bdyixbmogba.dbqfdybhdmiozfgrbyofm,b.mrfgrbagi
ogadyim,bogjbdyizhinvih,bdabzojgihhbqfdybdyibqfnjihdbcmfihbogjbocdfaghp
VfnnofgbSa.nagbdokig,bzxbhfhdim!bAnjbSa.nagbdokig,bzxbzadyim!bZfhcmiogd
Sa.nagbdokig,bzxbjo.rydim!bDyig,bobhcamibasbadyimhbmogbfgdabdyibzfjhdbas
dyihi,buiodfgrbdyifmbumiohdh,bdiomfgrbdyifmbyofm,bogjbhcmiozfgr,bSa.nag
onfvi!bSa.nagbqyabdanjbdyibhdomvfgrblialnibdyixbzfrydbiodbrmohh!bSa.nag
qyabdanjbzxbanjbsodyimbdyodbyibzfrydbiodbrmohh,bqyigbFbyojbgabumioj
dabrfvibyfz!bSa.nagbqyabdanjbzxbuouxbfdbzfrydbh.ckbrmohh,bqyigbdyihi
umiohdhbqimibjmxbqfdybqogd!bAbzadyimbasbRaj,bdyfhbSa.nag!bAbYiovigba.m
h.ssimfgr!bYiombzi,bzxbjiojbuouxbogjbzxbqfdyimijbsodyim:bFbhqiombagbzx
kgiih,bagbdyihibhdagih,bdabovigribxa.bagbSa.nag!bY.huogjh,bogjbumadyimh,
ogjbxa.grbzig,bRfvib.hbdyibunaajbasbSa.nag,bRfvib.hbdyibyiojbasbSa.nag,
Rfvib.hbdyibyiomdbasbSa.nag,bRfvib.hbdyibuajxbogjbha.nbasbSa.nag,bMigj
Sa.nagbdablficih,bogjbjfrbyfzbfgdabdyibrma.gj,bdyodbrmohhbzoxbrmaqbsmaz
yfz!bQfdybdyihibcmfih,bg.zuimhbasbdyibqazig,bnohyijbfgdabunfgjbsmigtx,
qyfmnijboua.d,bhdmfkfgrbogjbdiomfgrbodbdyifmbaqgbsmfigjhb.gdfnbdyix
jmallijbfgdaboblohhfagodibhqaag,bogjbqimibagnxbhovijbuxbdyibzig
uinagrfgrbdabdyizbsmazbuifgrbdmozlnijb.gjimbsaadp

Givimdyinihh,bgadbobzazigdbqohbnahd;bgadbobzazigd!bDyfhbSa.nagbqohbod
dyibYadinbjibVfnni,bogjbzfrydbuibnaahijpbGivim,bfsbHofgdbOgdafgibkgiq
yfhbaqgbh.ssimfgrh,bfgh.ndh,bogjbqmagrh!bOmzijbzigbogjbqazigbsnackijba.d
asbdyibW.omdimbhabsohd,bogjbjmiqbivigbdyihibnohdbjmirhbosdimbdyizbqfdy
h.cybobsamcibasbh.cdfag,bdyodbqfdyfgbobw.omdimbasbogbya.mbdyimibqohbgad
oby.zogbcmiod.mibfgbHofgdbOgdafgi'hbuahazbu.dbobsiqbanjbcmagihbogjbdyi
qofnfgrbcyfnjmigp

GapbDyixbqimibonnbuxbdyodbdfzibcyakfgrbdyibYonnbasbIeozfgodfagbqyimi
dyfhbanjbzog,b.rnxbogjbqfckij,bqoh,bogjbavimsnaqfgrbfgdabdyiboj ocigd
aligbhlocibogjbhdmiidhpbDyibJisomrih,by.huogjbogjbqfsi,bDyibVigriogci,
ogjb ocw.ihbDymii,bqimibfgbdyibsfmhdblmihh,bogjbodbgabrmiodbjfhdogci
smazbyfzbfgbdyibYonnp

“Hii!”bcmfijbzojozi,blafgdfgrbqfdybyimbkgfsipb“Hiibdyibanjbvfnnofgbua.gj
qfdybmalihpbDyodbqohbqinnbjagibdabdfibobu.gcybasbrmohhb.lagbyfhbuockp
Yo,byo!bDyodbqohbqinnbjagipbNidbyfzbiodbfdbgaq!”bZojozibl.dbyimbkgfsi
.gjimbyimbomz,bogjbcnollijbyimbyogjhbohbodboblnoxp

DyiblialnibfzzijfodinxbuiyfgjbZojozibJisomri,bielnofgfgrbdyibco.hibas
yimbhodfhsocdfagbdabdyahibuiyfgjbdyiz,bogjbdyahiborofgbielnofgfgrbda
adyimh,bogjbdyahibdabadyimh,bdyibgifryua.mfgrbhdmiidhbmiha.gjijbqfdybdyi
cnollfgrbasbyogjhpbHfzfnomnx,bj.mfgrbdqabambdymiibya.mhbasbjmoqn,
ogjbdyibqfggaqfgrbasbzogxbu.hyinhbasbqamjh,bZojozibJisomri'hbsmiw.igd
ielmihhfaghbasbfzlodfigcibqimibdokigb.l,bqfdybzomvinna.hbw.fckgihh,bod
objfhdogci:bdyibzamibmiojfnx,buico.hibcimdofgbzigbqyabyojbuxbhazi
qagjims.nbieimcfhibasborfnfdxbcnfzuijb.lbdyibiedimgonbomcyfdicd.mi
dabnaakbfgbsmazbdyibqfgjaqh,bkgiqbZojozibJisomribqinn,bogjbocdijbohbo
dinirmolybuidqiigbyimbogjbdyibcmaqjba.dhfjibdyibu.fnjfgrp

Odbnigrdybdyibh.gbmahibhabyfrybdyodbfdbhdm.ckbobkfgjnxbmoxbohbasbyalibam
lmadicdfag,bjfmicdnxbjaqgb.lagbdyibanjblmfhagim'hbyiojpbDyibsova.mbqoh
daabz.cybdabuiom;bfgbogbfghdogdbdyibuommfimbasbj.hdbogjbcyossbdyodbyoj
hdaajbh.mlmfhfgrnxbnagr,bqigdbdabdyibqfgjh,bogjbHofgdbOgdafgibyojbrad
yfz!

Fdbqohbkgaqgbjfmicdnx,bdabdyibs.mdyihdbcagsfgihbasbdyibcmaqjpbJisomri
yojbu.dbhlm.grbavimbobmofnfgrbogjbobdouni,bogjbsanjijbdyibzfhimouni
qmidcybfgbobjiojnxbizumoci--ZojozibJisomribyojbu.dbsannaqijbogjbd.mgij
yimbyogjbfgbagibasbdyibmalihbqfdybqyfcybyibqohbdfij--DyibVigriogcibogj
 ocw.ihbDymiibqimibgadbxidb.lbqfdybdyiz,bogjbdyibzigbodbdyibqfgjaqh
yojbgadbxidbhqaalijbfgdabdyibYonn,bnfkibufmjhbasblmixbsmazbdyifmbyfry
limcyih--qyigbdyibcmxbhiizijbdabrab.l,bonnbavimbdyibcfdx,b“Umfgrbyfz
a.d!bUmfgrbyfzbdabdyibnozl!”

Jaqg,bogjb.l,bogjbyiojbsamizahdbagbdyibhdilhbasbdyibu.fnjfgr;bgaq,bag
yfhbkgiih;bgaq,bagbyfhbsiid;bgaq,bagbyfhbuock;bjmorrij,bogjbhdm.ckbod,
ogjbhdfsnijbuxbdyibu.gcyihbasbrmohhbogjbhdmoqbdyodbqimibdym.hdbfgdabyfh
socibuxby.gjmijhbasbyogjh;bdamg,bum.fhij,blogdfgr,buniijfgr,bxidbonqoxh
igdmiodfgrbogjbuihiicyfgrbsambzimcx;bgaqbs.nnbasbviyizigdboragxbas
ocdfag,bqfdybobhzonnbcniombhlociboua.dbyfzbohbdyiblialnibjmiqbagi
ogadyimbuockbdyodbdyixbzfrydbhii;bgaq,bobnarbasbjiojbqaajbjmoqgbdyma.ry
obsamihdbasbnirh;byibqohbyo.nijbdabdyibgiomihdbhdmiidbcamgimbqyimibagi
asbdyibsodonbnozlhbhq.gr,bogjbdyimibZojozibJisomribnidbyfzbra--ohbobcod
zfrydbyovibjagibdabobza.hi--ogjbhfnigdnxbogjbcazlahijnxbnaakijbodbyfz
qyfnibdyixbzojibmiojx,bogjbqyfnibyibuiha.rydbyim:bdyibqazigblohhfagodinx
hcmiicyfgrbodbyfzbonnbdyibdfzi,bogjbdyibzigbhdimgnxbconnfgrba.dbdabyovi
yfzbkfnnijbqfdybrmohhbfgbyfhbza.dypbAgci,byibqigdbonasd,bogjbdyibmali
umaki,bogjbdyixbco.rydbyfzbhymfikfgr;bdqfci,byibqigdbonasd,bogjbdyibmali
umaki,bogjbdyixbco.rydbyfzbhymfikfgr;bdyig,bdyibmalibqohbzimcfs.n,bogj
yinjbyfz,bogjbyfhbyiojbqohbhaagb.lagboblfki,bqfdybrmohhbiga.rybfgbdyi
za.dybsambonnbHofgdbOgdafgibdabjogcibodbdyibhfrydbasp

Gambqohbdyfhbdyibigjbasbdyibjox'hbuojbqamk,bsambHofgdbOgdafgibhabhya.dij
ogjbjogcijbyfhbogrmxbunaajb.l,bdyodbfdbuafnijborofg,bagbyiomfgrbqyig
dyibjoxbcnahijbfgbdyodbdyibhag-fg-noqbasbdyibjihlodcyij,bogadyimbasbdyi
lialni'hbigizfihbogjbfgh.ndimh,bqohbcazfgrbfgdabLomfhb.gjimbobr.omj
sfviby.gjmijbhdmagr,bfgbcovonmxbonagipbHofgdbOgdafgibqmadibyfhbcmfzih
agbsnomfgrbhyiidhbasblolim,bhiftijbyfz--qa.njbyovibdamgbyfzba.dbasbdyi
umiohdbasbogbomzxbdabuiombSa.nagbcazlogx--hidbyfhbyiojbogjbyiomdbag
lfkih,bogjbcommfijbdyibdymiibhlafnhbasbdyibjox,bfgbQans-lmacihhfag
dyma.rybdyibhdmiidhp

Gadbuisamibjomkbgfrydbjfjbdyibzigbogjbqazigbcazibuockbdabdyibcyfnjmig,
qofnfgrbogjbumiojnihhpbDyig,bdyibzfhimounibuokimh'bhyalhbqimibuihidbux
nagrbsfnihbasbdyiz,blodfigdnxbqofdfgrbdabu.xbuojbumioj;bogjbqyfni
dyixbqofdijbqfdybhdazocyhbsofgdbogjbizldx,bdyixbuir.fnijbdyibdfzibux
izumocfgrbagibogadyimbagbdyibdmf.zlyhbasbdyibjox,bogjbocyfivfgrbdyiz
orofgbfgbrahhflpbRmoj.onnx,bdyihibhdmfgrhbasbmorrijblialnibhyamdigijbogj
smoxijboqox;bogjbdyigblaambnfrydhbuirogbdabhyfgibfgbyfrybqfgjaqh,bogj
hnigjimbsfmihbqimibzojibfgbdyibhdmiidh,bodbqyfcybgifryua.mhbcaakijbfg
cazzag,bosdimqomjhbh.llfgrbodbdyifmbjaamhp

Hcogdxbogjbfgh.ssfcfigdbh.llimhbdyahi,bogjbfggacigdbasbziod,bohbas
zahdbadyimbho.cibdabqmidcyijbumiojpbXid,by.zogbsinnaqhyflbfgs.hij
hazibga.mfhyzigdbfgdabdyibsnfgdxbvfogjh,bogjbhdm.ckbhazibhlomkhbas
cyiims.ngihhba.dbasbdyizpbSodyimhbogjbzadyimhbqyabyojbyojbdyifmbs.nn
hyomibfgbdyibqamhdbasbdyibjox,blnoxijbrigdnxbqfdybdyifmbziormibcyfnjmig;
ogjbnavimh,bqfdybh.cybobqamnjboma.gjbdyizbogjbuisamibdyiz,bnavijbogj
yalijp

Fdbqohbonzahdbzamgfgr,bqyigbJisomri'hbqfgi-hyalblomdijbqfdybfdhbnohd
kgadbasbc.hdazimh,bogjbZaghfi.mbJisomribhofjbdabzojozibyfhbqfsi,bfg
y.hkxbdagih,bqyfnibsohdigfgrbdyibjaam:

“Odbnohdbfdbfhbcazi,bzxbjiom!”

“Iybqinn!”bmid.mgijbzojozipb“Onzahdp”

HofgdbOgdafgibhnild,bdyibJisomrihbhnild:bivigbDyibVigriogcibhnildbqfdy
yimbhdomvijbrmacim,bogjbdyibjm.zbqohbodbmihdpbDyibjm.z'hbqohbdyi
agnxbvafcibfgbHofgdbOgdafgibdyodbunaajbogjby.mmxbyojbgadbcyogrijpbDyi
Vigriogci,bohbc.hdajfogbasbdyibjm.z,bca.njbyovibqokigijbyfzb.lbogjbyoj
dyibhozibhliicyba.dbasbyfzbohbuisamibdyibUohdfnnibsinn,bambanjbSa.nag
qohbhiftij;bgadbhabqfdybdyibyaomhibdagihbasbdyibzigbogjbqazigbfgbHofgd
Ogdafgi'hbuahazp




EEFFFpbSfmibMfhih


Dyimibqohbobcyogribagbdyibvfnnoribqyimibdyibsa.gdofgbsinn,bogjbqyimi
dyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqigdbsamdybjofnxbdabyozzimba.dbasbdyibhdagihbagbdyi
yfryqoxbh.cybzamhinhbasbumiojbohbzfrydbhimvibsamblodcyihbdabyanjbyfh
laambfrgamogdbha.nbogjbyfhblaambmij.cijbuajxbdaridyimpbDyiblmfhagbagbdyi
cmorbqohbgadbhabjazfgogdbohbasbxami;bdyimibqimibhanjfimhbdabr.omjbfd,
u.dbgadbzogx;bdyimibqimibassfcimhbdabr.omjbdyibhanjfimh,bu.dbgadbagibas
dyizbkgiqbqyodbyfhbzigbqa.njbja--uixagjbdyfh:bdyodbfdbqa.njblmauounxbgad
uibqyodbyibqohbamjimijp

Sombogjbqfjibnoxbobm.fgijbca.gdmx,bxfinjfgrbgadyfgrbu.dbjihanodfagp
Ivimxbrmiigbnios,bivimxbunojibasbrmohhbogjbunojibasbrmofg,bqohboh
hymfvinnijbogjblaambohbdyibzfhimouniblialnipbIvimxdyfgrbqohbuaqijbjaqg,
ji icdij,ballmihhij,bogjbumakigpbYoufdodfagh,bsigcih,bjazihdfcodij
ogfzonh,bzig,bqazig,bcyfnjmig,bogjbdyibhafnbdyodbuamibdyiz--onnbqamg
a.dp

Zaghifrgi.mb(asdigbobzahdbqamdyxbfgjfvfj.onbrigdnizog)bqohbobgodfagon
unihhfgr,brovibobcyfvonma.hbdagibdabdyfgrh,bqohboblanfdibieozlnibas
n.e.mfa.hbogjbhyfgfgrbnfsi,bogjbobrmiodbjionbzamibdabiw.onbl.mlahi;
givimdyinihh,bZaghifrgi.mbohbobcnohhbyoj,bhaziyaqbambadyim,buma.ryd
dyfgrhbdabdyfhpbHdmogribdyodbCmiodfag,bjihfrgijbielmihhnxbsam
Zaghifrgi.m,bhya.njbuibhabhaagbqm.grbjmxbogjbhw.iitijba.d!bDyimibz.hd
uibhazidyfgrbhyamd-hfrydijbfgbdyibidimgonbommogrizigdh,bh.minx!bDy.hbfd
qoh,byaqivim;bogjbdyibnohdbjmalbasbunaajbyovfgrbuiigbiedmocdijbsmazbdyi
snfgdh,bogjbdyibnohdbhcmiqbasbdyibmockbyovfgrbuiigbd.mgijbhabasdigbdyod
fdhbl.mcyohibcm.zunij,bogjbfdbgaqbd.mgijbogjbd.mgijbqfdybgadyfgr
dabufdi,bZaghifrgi.mbuirogbdabm.gboqoxbsmazboblyigazigagbhabnaqbogj
.gocca.gdounip

U.d,bdyfhbqohbgadbdyibcyogribagbdyibvfnnori,bogjbagbzogxbobvfnnoribnfki
fdpbSambhcamihbasbxiomhbragibux,bZaghifrgi.mbyojbhw.iitijbfdbogjbqm.gr
fd,bogjbyojbhinjazbrmocijbfdbqfdybyfhblmihigcibiecildbsambdyiblnioh.mih
asbdyibcyohi--gaq,bsa.gjbfgby.gdfgrbdyiblialni;bgaq,bsa.gjbfgby.gdfgr
dyibuiohdh,bsambqyahiblmihimvodfagbZaghifrgi.mbzojibijfsxfgrbhlocih
asbuomuoma.hbogjbuommigbqfnjimgihhpbGapbDyibcyogribcaghfhdijbfg
dyibolliomogcibasbhdmogribsocihbasbnaqbcohdi,bmodyimbdyogbfgbdyi
jfholliomogcibasbdyibyfrybcohdi,bcyfhinnij,bogjbadyimqfhibuio.dfsfijbogj
uio.dfsxfgrbsiod.mihbasbZaghifrgi.mp

Sam,bfgbdyihibdfzih,bohbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqamkij,bhanfdomx,bfgbdyi
j.hd,bgadbasdigbdma.unfgrbyfzhinsbdabmisnicdbdyodbj.hdbyibqohbogj
dabj.hdbyibz.hdbmid.mg,buifgrbsambdyibzahdblomdbdaabz.cybacc.lfijbfg
dyfgkfgrbyaqbnfddnibyibyojbsambh.llimbogjbyaqbz.cybzamibyibqa.njbiodbfs
yibyojbfd--fgbdyihibdfzih,bohbyibmofhijbyfhbixihbsmazbyfhbnaginxbnoua.m,
ogjbvfiqijbdyiblmahlicd,byibqa.njbhiibhazibma.rybsfr.mibollmaocyfgrbag
saad,bdyibnfkibasbqyfcybqohbagcibobmomfdxbfgbdyahiblomdh,bu.dbqohbgaq
obsmiw.igdblmihigcipbOhbfdbojvogcij,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqa.njbjfhcimg
qfdya.dbh.mlmfhi,bdyodbfdbqohbobhyorrx-yofmijbzog,basbonzahdbuomuomfog
ohlicd,bdonn,bfgbqaajigbhyaihbdyodbqimibcn.zhxbivigbdabdyibixihbasbo
zigjimbasbmaojh,brmfz,bma.ry,bhqomd,bhdiilijbfgbdyibz.jbogjbj.hdbasbzogx
yfryqoxh,bjogkbqfdybdyibzomhyxbzafhd.mibasbzogxbnaqbrma.gjh,bhlmfgknij
qfdybdyibdyamghbogjbniovihbogjbzahhbasbzogxbuxqoxhbdyma.rybqaajhp

H.cybobzogbcozib.lagbyfz,bnfkibobryahd,bodbgaagbfgbdyib .nxbqiodyim,
ohbyibhodbagbyfhbyiolbasbhdagihb.gjimbobuogk,bdokfgrbh.cybhyindimbohbyi
ca.njbridbsmazbobhyaqimbasbyofnp

Dyibzogbnaakijbodbyfz,bnaakijbodbdyibvfnnoribfgbdyibyannaq,bodbdyibzfnn,
ogjbodbdyiblmfhagbagbdyibcmorpbQyigbyibyojbfjigdfsfijbdyihibau icdh
fgbqyodbuigfrydijbzfgjbyibyoj,byibhofj,bfgbobjfonicdbdyodbqohb .hd
fgdinnfrfuni:

“Yaqbraihbfd,b ocw.ih?”

“Onnbqinn,b ocw.ihp”

“Da.cybdyig!”

Dyixb afgijbyogjh,bogjbdyibzogbhodbjaqgbagbdyibyiolbasbhdagihp

“Gabjfggim?”

“Gadyfgrbu.dbh.llimbgaq,”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bqfdyboby.grmxbsocip

“Fdbfhbdyibsohyfag,”brmaqnijbdyibzogpb“Fbziidbgabjfggimbogxqyimip”

Yibdaakba.dbobunockigijblfli,bsfnnijbfd,bnfrydijbfdbqfdybsnfgdbogj
hdiin,bl.nnijbodbfdb.gdfnbfdbqohbfgbobumfrydbrnaq:bdyig,bh.jjignxbyinj
fdbsmazbyfzbogjbjmallijbhazidyfgrbfgdabfdbsmazbuidqiigbyfhbsfgrimbogj
dy.zu,bdyodbunotijbogjbqigdba.dbfgbobl.ssbasbhzakip

“Da.cybdyigp”bFdbqohbdyibd.mgbasbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbdabhoxbfdbdyfh
dfzi,bosdimbauhimvfgrbdyihibalimodfaghpbDyixborofgb afgijbyogjhp

“Da-gfryd?”bhofjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhp

“Da-gfryd,”bhofjbdyibzog,bl.ddfgrbdyiblflibfgbyfhbza.dyp

“Qyimi?”

“Yimip”

Yibogjbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbhodbagbdyibyiolbasbhdagihbnaakfgrbhfnigdnxbod
agibogadyim,bqfdybdyibyofnbjmfvfgrbfgbuidqiigbdyizbnfkiboblfrzxbcyomri
asbuoxagidh,b.gdfnbdyibhkxbuirogbdabcniombavimbdyibvfnnorip

“Hyaqbzi!”bhofjbdyibdmovinnimbdyig,bzavfgrbdabdyibumaqbasbdyibyfnnp

“Hii!”bmid.mgijbdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bqfdybiedigjijbsfgrimpb“Xa.brabjaqg
yimi,bogjbhdmofrydbdyma.rybdyibhdmiid,bogjblohdbdyibsa.gdofg--”

“DabdyibJivfnbqfdybonnbdyod!”bfgdimm.ldijbdyibadyim,bmannfgrbyfhbixi
avimbdyibnogjhcolipb“_F_brabdyma.rybgabhdmiidhbogjblohdbgabsa.gdofghp
Qinn?”

“Qinn!bOua.dbdqabnior.ihbuixagjbdyibh.zzfdbasbdyodbyfnnbouavibdyi
vfnnorip”

“RaajpbQyigbjabxa.bciohibdabqamk?”

“Odbh.ghidp”

“Qfnnbxa.bqokibzi,buisamibjilomdfgr?bFbyovibqonkijbdqabgfrydhbqfdya.d
mihdfgrpbNidbzibsfgfhybzxblfli,bogjbFbhyonnbhniilbnfkibobcyfnjpbQfnnbxa.
qokibzi?”

“H.minxp”

Dyibqoxsomimbhzakijbyfhblfliba.d,bl.dbfdbfgbyfhbumiohd,bhnfllijbassbyfh
rmiodbqaajigbhyaih,bogjbnoxbjaqgbagbyfhbuockbagbdyibyiolbasbhdagihpbYi
qohbsohdbohniilbjfmicdnxp

Ohbdyibmaoj-zigjimblnfijbyfhbj.hdxbnoua.m,bogjbdyibyofn-cna.jh,bmannfgr
oqox,bmivionijbumfrydbuomhbogjbhdmiokhbasbhkxbqyfcybqimibmihlagjijbda
uxbhfnvimbrniozhb.lagbdyibnogjhcoli,bdyibnfddnibzogb(qyabqamibobmijbcol
gaq,bfgblnocibasbyfhbun.ibagi)bhiizijbsohcfgodijbuxbdyibsfr.mibagbdyi
yiolbasbhdagihpbYfhbixihbqimibhabasdigbd.mgijbdaqomjhbfd,bdyodbyib.hij
yfhbdaanhbzicyogfconnx,bogj,bagibqa.njbyovibhofj,bdabvimxblaambocca.gdp
Dyibumagtibsoci,bdyibhyorrxbunockbyofmbogjbuiomj,bdyibcaomhibqaannig
mijbcol,bdyibma.rybzijnixbjmihhbasbyazi-hl.gbhd.ssbogjbyofmxbhkfghbas
uiohdh,bdyiblaqims.nbsmoziboddig.odijbuxbhlomibnfvfgr,bogjbdyibh.nnig
ogjbjihlimodibcazlmihhfagbasbdyibnflhbfgbhniil,bfghlfmijbdyibzigjim
asbmaojhbqfdyboqipbDyibdmovinnimbyojbdmovinnijbsom,bogjbyfhbsiidbqimi
saadhami,bogjbyfhbogknihbcyosijbogjbuniijfgr;byfhbrmiodbhyaih,bhd.ssij
qfdybniovihbogjbrmohh,byojbuiigbyiovxbdabjmorbavimbdyibzogxbnagr
nior.ih,bogjbyfhbcnadyihbqimibcyosijbfgdabyanih,bohbyibyfzhinsbqohbfgda
hamihpbHdaalfgrbjaqgbuihfjibyfz,bdyibmaoj-zigjimbdmfijbdabridbobliilbod
hicmidbqiolaghbfgbyfhbumiohdbambqyimibgad;bu.d,bfgbvofg,bsambyibhnild
qfdybyfhbomzhbcmahhijb.lagbyfz,bogjbhidbohbmihan.dinxbohbyfhbnflhp
Samdfsfijbdaqghbqfdybdyifmbhdackojih,br.omj-ya.hih,brodih,bdmigcyih,bogj
jmoqumfjrih,bhiizijbdabdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bdabuibhabz.cybofmbohborofghd
dyfhbsfr.mipbOgjbqyigbyibnfsdijbyfhbixihbsmazbfdbdabdyibyamftagbogj
naakijboma.gj,byibhoqbfgbyfhbhzonnbsogcxbhfzfnombsfr.mih,bhdallijbuxbga
auhdocni,bdigjfgrbdabcigdmihbonnbavimbSmogcip

Dyibzogbhnildbag,bfgjfssimigdbdabhyaqimhbasbyofnbogjbfgdimvonhbas
umfrydgihh,bdabh.ghyfgibagbyfhbsocibogjbhyojaq,bdabdyiblondimfgrbn.zlh
asbj.nnbfcibagbyfhbuajxbogjbdyibjfozagjhbfgdabqyfcybdyibh.gbcyogrij
dyiz,b.gdfnbdyibh.gbqohbnaqbfgbdyibqihd,bogjbdyibhkxbqohbrnaqfgrpbDyig,
dyibzigjimbasbmaojhbyovfgrbradbyfhbdaanhbdaridyimbogjbonnbdyfgrhbmiojx
dabrabjaqgbfgdabdyibvfnnori,bma.hijbyfzp

“Raaj!”bhofjbdyibhniilim,bmfhfgrbagbyfhbinuaqpb“Dqabnior.ihbuixagjbdyi
h.zzfdbasbdyibyfnn?”

“Oua.dp”

“Oua.dpbRaaj!”

Dyibzigjimbasbmaojhbqigdbyazi,bqfdybdyibj.hdbrafgrbagbuisamibyfz
occamjfgrbdabdyibhidbasbdyibqfgj,bogjbqohbhaagbodbdyibsa.gdofg,
hw.iitfgrbyfzhinsbfgbozagrbdyibniogbkfgibuma.rydbdyimibdabjmfgk,bogj
olliomfgrbivigbdabqyfhlimbdabdyizbfgbyfhbqyfhlimfgrbdabonnbdyibvfnnorip
Qyigbdyibvfnnoribyojbdokigbfdhblaambh.llim,bfdbjfjbgadbcmiilbdabuij,
ohbfdb.h.onnxbjfj,bu.dbcoziba.dbasbjaamhborofg,bogjbmizofgijbdyimipbO
c.mfa.hbcagdorfagbasbqyfhlimfgrbqohb.lagbfd,bogjbonha,bqyigbfdbrodyimij
daridyimbodbdyibsa.gdofgbfgbdyibjomk,bogadyimbc.mfa.hbcagdorfagbas
naakfgrbielicdogdnxbodbdyibhkxbfgbagibjfmicdfagbagnxpbZaghfi.mbRouinni,
cyfisbs.gcdfagomxbasbdyiblnoci,buicozib.giohx;bqigdba.dbagbyfhbya.hi-dal
onagi,bogjbnaakijbfgbdyodbjfmicdfagbdaa;brnogcijbjaqgbsmazbuiyfgjbyfh
cyfzgixhbodbdyibjomkigfgrbsocihbuxbdyibsa.gdofgbuinaq,bogjbhigdbqamjbda
dyibhocmfhdogbqyabkildbdyibkixhbasbdyibcy.mcy,bdyodbdyimibzfrydbuibgiij
dabmfgrbdyibdachfgbux-ogj-uxip

DyibgfrydbjiiligijpbDyibdmiihbigvfmagfgrbdyibanjbcyodio.,bkiilfgrbfdh
hanfdomxbhdodibolomd,bzavijbfgbobmfhfgrbqfgj,bohbdya.rybdyixbdymiodigij
dyiblfnibasbu.fnjfgrbzohhfvibogjbjomkbfgbdyibrnaazpb.lbdyibdqabdimmoci
snfrydhbasbhdilhbdyibmofgbmogbqfnjnx,bogjbuiodbodbdyibrmiodbjaam,bnfkibo
hqfsdbzihhigrimbma.hfgrbdyahibqfdyfg;b.giohxbm.hyihbasbqfgjbqigdbdyma.ry
dyibyonn,bozagrbdyibanjbhliomhbogjbkgfvih,bogjblohhijbnozigdfgrb.lbdyi
hdofmh,bogjbhyaakbdyibc.mdofghbasbdyibuijbqyimibdyibnohdbZomw.fh
yojbhnildpbIohd,bQihd,bGamdy,bogjbHa.dy,bdyma.rybdyibqaajh,bsa.m
yiovx-dmiojfgr,b.gkizldbsfr.mihbcm.hyijbdyibyfrybrmohhbogjbcmockijbdyi
umogcyih,bhdmfjfgrbagbco.dfa.hnxbdabcazibdaridyimbfgbdyibca.mdxomjpbSa.m
nfrydhbumakiba.dbdyimi,bogjbzavijboqoxbfgbjfssimigdbjfmicdfagh,bogjbonn
qohbunockborofgp

U.d,bgadbsambnagrpbLmihigdnx,bdyibcyodio.buirogbdabzokibfdhinsbhdmogrinx
vfhfunibuxbhazibnfrydbasbfdhbaqg,bohbdya.rybfdbqimibrmaqfgrbn.zfga.hp
Dyig,bobsnfckimfgrbhdmiokblnoxijbuiyfgjbdyibomcyfdicd.mibasbdyibsmagd,
lfckfgrba.dbdmoghlomigdblnocih,bogjbhyaqfgrbqyimibuon.hdmojih,bomcyih,
ogjbqfgjaqhbqimipbDyigbfdbhaomijbyfryim,bogjbrmiqbumaojimbogjbumfrydimp
Haag,bsmazbobhcamibasbdyibrmiodbqfgjaqh,bsnozihbu.mhdbsamdy,bogjbdyi
hdagibsocihboqokigij,bhdomijba.dbasbsfmip

Obsofgdbz.mz.mbomahiboua.dbdyibya.hibsmazbdyibsiqblialnibqyabqimibnisd
dyimi,bogjbdyimibqohbobhojjnfgrbasbobyamhibogjbmfjfgrboqoxpbDyimibqoh
hl.mmfgrbogjbhlnohyfgrbdyma.rybdyibjomkgihh,bogjbumfjnibqohbjmoqgbfgbdyi
hlocibuxbdyibvfnnoribsa.gdofg,bogjbdyibyamhibfgbobsaozbhdaajbodbZaghfi.m
Rouinni'hbjaampb“Yinl,bRouinni!bYinl,bivimxbagi!”bDyibdachfgbmogr
fzlodfigdnx,bu.dbadyimbyinlb(fsbdyodbqimibogx)bdyimibqohbgagipbDyi
zigjimbasbmaojh,bogjbdqaby.gjmijbogjbsfsdxblomdfc.nombsmfigjh,bhdaaj
qfdybsanjijbomzhbodbdyibsa.gdofg,bnaakfgrbodbdyiblfnnombasbsfmibfgbdyi
hkxpb“Fdbz.hdbuibsamdxbsiidbyfry,”bhofjbdyix,brmfznx;bogjbgivimbzavijp

Dyibmfjimbsmazbdyibcyodio.,bogjbdyibyamhibfgbobsaoz,bcnoddimijboqox
dyma.rybdyibvfnnori,bogjbronnalijb.lbdyibhdagxbhdiil,bdabdyiblmfhagbag
dyibcmorpbOdbdyibrodi,bobrma.lbasbassfcimhbqimibnaakfgrbodbdyibsfmi;
mizavijbsmazbdyiz,bobrma.lbasbhanjfimhpb“Yinl,brigdnizig--assfcimh!bDyi
cyodio.bfhbagbsfmi;bvon.ounibau icdhbzoxbuibhovijbsmazbdyibsnozihbux
dfzinxbofj!bYinl,byinl!”bDyibassfcimhbnaakijbdaqomjhbdyibhanjfimhbqya
naakijbodbdyibsfmi;brovibgabamjimh;bogjboghqimij,bqfdybhym.rhbogjbufdfgr
asbnflh,b“Fdbz.hdbu.mgp”

Ohbdyibmfjimbmoddnijbjaqgbdyibyfnnborofgbogjbdyma.rybdyibhdmiid,bdyi
vfnnoribqohbfnn.zfgodfgrpbDyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bogjbdyibdqaby.gjmijbogj
sfsdxblomdfc.nombsmfigjh,bfghlfmijbohbagibzogbogjbqazogbuxbdyibfjiobas
nfrydfgrb.l,byojbjomdijbfgdabdyifmbya.hih,bogjbqimibl.ddfgrbcogjnihbfg
ivimxbj.nnbnfddniblogibasbrnohhpbDyibrigimonbhcomcfdxbasbivimxdyfgr,
accohfagijbcogjnihbdabuibuammaqijbfgbobmodyimblimizldamxbzoggimbas
Zaghfi.mbRouinni;bogjbfgbobzazigdbasbmin.cdogcibogjbyihfdodfagbag
dyodbs.gcdfagomx'hblomd,bdyibzigjimbasbmaojh,bagcibhabh.uzfhhfvibda
o.dyamfdx,byojbmizomkijbdyodbcommforihbqimibraajbdabzokibuagsfmihbqfdy,
ogjbdyodblahd-yamhihbqa.njbmaohdp

Dyibcyodio.bqohbnisdbdabfdhinsbdabsnozibogjbu.mgpbFgbdyibmaomfgrbogj
morfgrbasbdyibcagsnormodfag,bobmij-yadbqfgj,bjmfvfgrbhdmofrydbsmazbdyi
fgsimgonbmirfagh,bhiizijbdabuibunaqfgrbdyibijfsfciboqoxpbQfdybdyibmfhfgr
ogjbsonnfgrbasbdyibunoti,bdyibhdagibsocihbhyaqijbohbfsbdyixbqimibfg
damzigdpbQyigbrmiodbzohhihbasbhdagibogjbdfzuimbsinn,bdyibsocibqfdybdyi
dqabjfgdhbfgbdyibgahibuicozibauhc.mij:bogagbhdm.rrnijba.dbasbdyibhzaki
orofg,bohbfsbfdbqimibdyibsocibasbdyibcm.inbZomw.fh,bu.mgfgrbodbdyibhdoki
ogjbcagdigjfgrbqfdybdyibsfmip

Dyibcyodio.bu.mgij;bdyibgiomihdbdmiih,bnofjbyanjbasbuxbdyibsfmi,
hcamcyijbogjbhymfvinnij;bdmiihbodbobjfhdogci,bsfmijbuxbdyibsa.mbsfimci
sfr.mih,buirfmdbdyibunotfgrbijfsfcibqfdybobgiqbsamihdbasbhzakipbZandig
niojbogjbfmagbuafnijbfgbdyibzomunibuohfgbasbdyibsa.gdofg;bdyibqodimbmog
jmx;bdyibiedfgr.fhyimbdalhbasbdyibdaqimhbvogfhyijbnfkibfcibuisamibdyi
yiod,bogjbdmfcknijbjaqgbfgdabsa.mbm.rrijbqinnhbasbsnozipbRmiodbmigdhbogj
hlnfdhbumogcyijba.dbfgbdyibhanfjbqonnh,bnfkibcmxhdonnfhodfag;bhd.lisfij
ufmjhbqyiinijboua.dbogjbjmallijbfgdabdyibs.mgoci;bsa.mbsfimcibsfr.mih
dm.jrijboqox,bIohd,bQihd,bGamdy,bogjbHa.dy,bonagrbdyibgfryd-ighyma.jij
maojh,br.fjijbuxbdyibuiocagbdyixbyojbnfrydij,bdaqomjhbdyifmbgied
jihdfgodfagpbDyibfnn.zfgodijbvfnnoribyojbhiftijbyanjbasbdyibdachfg,bogj,
ouanfhyfgrbdyibnoqs.nbmfgrim,bmogrbsamb axp

Gadbagnxbdyod;bu.dbdyibvfnnori,bnfryd-yiojijbqfdybsozfgi,bsfmi,bogj
uinn-mfgrfgr,bogjbuidyfgkfgrbfdhinsbdyodbZaghfi.mbRouinnibyojbdabjabqfdy
dyibcannicdfagbasbmigdbogjbdoeih--dya.rybfdbqohbu.dbobhzonnbfghdonzigd
asbdoeih,bogjbgabmigdbodbonn,bdyodbRouinnibyojbradbfgbdyahibnoddim
joxh--uicozibfzlodfigdbsambogbfgdimvfiqbqfdybyfz,bogj,bh.mma.gjfgrbyfh
ya.hi,bh.zzagijbyfzbdabcazibsamdybsamblimhagonbcagsimigcipbQyimi.lag,
Zaghfi.mbRouinnibjfjbyiovfnxbuombyfhbjaam,bogjbmidfmibdabyanjbca.ghin
qfdybyfzhinspbDyibmih.ndbasbdyodbcagsimigcibqoh,bdyodbRouinniborofg
qfdyjmiqbyfzhinsbdabyfhbya.hidalbuiyfgjbyfhbhdockbasbcyfzgixh;bdyfhbdfzi
mihanvij,bfsbyfhbjaambqimibumakigbfgb(yibqohbobhzonnbHa.dyimgbzog
asbmidonfodfvibdizlimozigd),bdablfdcybyfzhinsbyiojbsamizahdbavimbdyi
lomolid,bogjbcm.hybobzogbambdqabuinaqp

Lmauounx,bZaghfi.mbRouinniblohhijbobnagrbgfrydb.lbdyimi,bqfdybdyi
jfhdogdbcyodio.bsambsfmibogjbcogjni,bogjbdyibuiodfgrbodbyfhbjaam,
cazufgijbqfdybdyib ax-mfgrfgr,bsambz.hfc;bgadbdabzigdfagbyfhbyovfgrbog
fnn-azigijbnozlbhn.grbocmahhbdyibmaojbuisamibyfhblahdfgr-ya.hibrodi,
qyfcybdyibvfnnoribhyaqijbobnfvinxbfgcnfgodfagbdabjfhlnocibfgbyfhbsova.mp
Obdmxfgrbh.hlighi,bdabuiblohhfgrbobqyanibh.zzimbgfrydbagbdyibumfgkbas
dyibunockbaciog,bmiojxbdabdokibdyodbln.gribfgdabfdb.lagbqyfcybZaghfi.m
Rouinnibyojbmihanvij!bU.d,bdyibsmfigjnxbjoqgbolliomfgrbodbnohd,bogjbdyi
m.hy-cogjnihbasbdyibvfnnoribr.ddimfgrba.d,bdyiblialnibyollfnxbjfhlimhij,
ogjbZaghfi.mbRouinnibcozibjaqgbumfgrfgrbyfhbnfsibqfdybyfzbsambdyod
qyfnip

Qfdyfgboby.gjmijbzfnih,bogjbfgbdyibnfrydbasbadyimbsfmih,bdyimibqimi
adyimbs.gcdfagomfihbnihhbsamd.godi,bdyodbgfrydbogjbadyimbgfrydh,bqyaz
dyibmfhfgrbh.gbsa.gjbyogrfgrbocmahhbagci-liocis.nbhdmiidh,bqyimibdyix
yojbuiigbuamgbogjbumij;bonha,bdyimibqimibadyimbvfnnorimhbogjbdaqghlialni
nihhbsamd.godibdyogbdyibzigjimbasbmaojhbogjbyfhbsinnaqh,b.lagbqyazbdyi
s.gcdfagomfihbogjbhanjfimxbd.mgijbqfdybh.ccihh,bogjbqyazbdyixbhdm.grb.l
fgbdyifmbd.mgpbU.d,bdyibsfimcibsfr.mihbqimibhdiojfnxbqigjfgrbIohd,bQihd,
Gamdy,bogjbHa.dy,buibdyodbohbfdbqa.nj;bogjbqyahaivimby.gr,bsfmibu.mgijp
Dyibondfd.jibasbdyibronnaqhbdyodbqa.njbd.mgbdabqodimbogjbw.igcybfd,
gabs.gcdfagomx,buxbogxbhdmidcybasbzodyizodfch,bqohbounibdabconc.nodi
h.ccihhs.nnxp




EEFVpbJmoqgbdabdyibNaojhdagibMack


Fgbh.cybmfhfgrhbasbsfmibogjbmfhfgrhbasbhio--dyibsfmzbiomdybhyokigbux
dyibm.hyihbasbogbogrmxbaciogbqyfcybyojbgaqbgabiuu,bu.dbqohbonqoxhbagbdyi
snaq,byfryimbogjbyfryim,bdabdyibdimmambogjbqagjimbasbdyibuiyanjimhbag
dyibhyami--dymiibxiomhbasbdizlihdbqimibcagh.zijpbDymiibzamibufmdyjoxh
asbnfddnibN.cfibyojbuiigbqavigbuxbdyibranjigbdymiojbfgdabdyibliocis.n
dfhh.ibasbdyibnfsibasbyimbyazip

Zogxbobgfrydbogjbzogxbobjoxbyojbfdhbfgzodihbnfhdigijbdabdyibicyaihbfg
dyibcamgim,bqfdybyiomdhbdyodbsofnijbdyizbqyigbdyixbyiomjbdyibdymagrfgr
siidpbSam,bdyibsaadhdilhbyojbuicazibdabdyifmbzfgjhbohbdyibsaadhdilhbas
oblialni,bd.z.nd.a.hb.gjimbobmijbsnorbogjbqfdybdyifmbca.gdmxbjicnomijbfg
jogrim,bcyogrijbfgdabqfnjbuiohdh,buxbdimmfunibigcyogdzigdbnagrblimhfhdij
fgp

Zaghifrgi.m,bohbobcnohh,byojbjfhhacfodijbyfzhinsbsmazbdyiblyigazigagbas
yfhbgadbuifgrbollmicfodij:basbyfhbuifgrbhabnfddnibqogdijbfgbSmogci,boh
dabfgc.mbcaghfjimounibjogrimbasbmicifvfgrbyfhbjfhzfhhonbsmazbfd,bogj
dyfhbnfsibdaridyimpbNfkibdyibsounijbm.hdfcbqyabmofhijbdyibJivfnbqfdy
fgsfgfdiblofgh,bogjbqohbhabdimmfsfijbodbdyibhfrydbasbyfzbdyodbyibca.nj
ohkbdyibIgizxbgabw.ihdfag,bu.dbfzzijfodinxbsnij;bha,bZaghifrgi.m,bosdim
uanjnxbmiojfgrbdyibNamj'hbLmoximbuockqomjhbsambobrmiodbg.zuimbasbxiomh,
ogjblimsamzfgrbzogxbadyimbladigdbhlinnhbsambcazlinnfgrbdyibIvfnbAgi,bga
haagimbuiyinjbyfzbfgbyfhbdimmamhbdyogbyibdaakbdabyfhbgaunibyiinhp

DyibhyfgfgrbU.nn'hbIxibasbdyibCa.mdbqohbragi,bambfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbdyi
zomkbsamboby.mmfcogibasbgodfagonbu.nnidhpbFdbyojbgivimbuiigbobraaj
ixibdabhiibqfdy--yojbnagrbyojbdyibzadibfgbfdbasbN.cfsim'hblmfji,
Homjogolon.h'hbn.e.mx,bogjbobzani'hbunfgjgihh--u.dbfdbyojbjmallij
a.dbogjbqohbragipbDyibCa.md,bsmazbdyodbiecn.hfvibfggimbcfmcnibdabfdh
a.dimzahdbmaddigbmfgrbasbfgdmfr.i,bcamm.ldfag,bogjbjfhhfz.nodfag,bqoh
onnbragibdaridyimpbMaxondxbqohbragi;byojbuiigbuihfirijbfgbfdhbLonocibogj
“h.hligjij,”bqyigbdyibnohdbdfjfgrhbcozibavimp

DyibO.r.hdbasbdyibxiombagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogjbgfgidx-dqabqoh
cazi,bogjbZaghifrgi.mbqohbuxbdyfhbdfzibhcoddimijbsombogjbqfjip

Ohbqohbgod.mon,bdyibyioj-w.omdimhbogjbrmiodbrodyimfgr-lnocibas
Zaghifrgi.m,bfgbNagjag,bqohbDinnhag'hbUogkpbHlfmfdhbomibh.llahijbda
yo.gdbdyiblnocihbqyimibdyifmbuajfihbzahdbmihamdij,bogjbZaghifrgi.m
qfdya.dbobr.fgiobyo.gdijbdyibhladbqyimibyfhbr.fgiohb.hijbdabuip
Zamiavim,bfdbqohbdyibhladbdabqyfcybh.cybSmigcybfgdinnfrigcibohbqohbzahd
dabuibminfijb.lag,bcozibw.fckihdpbOrofg:bDinnhag'hbqohbobz.gfsfcigd
ya.hi,bogjbiedigjijbrmiodbnfuimonfdxbdabanjbc.hdazimhbqyabyojbsonnig
smazbdyifmbyfrybihdodipbOrofg:bdyahibgaunihbqyabyojbhiigbdyibcazfgr
hdamzbfgbdfzi,bogjbogdfcflodfgrbln.gjimbambcagsfhcodfag,byojbzoji
lmavfjigdbmizfddogcihbdabDinnhag'h,bqimibonqoxhbdabuibyiomjbasbdyimi
uxbdyifmbgiijxbumidymigpbDabqyfcybfdbz.hdbuibojjijbdyodbivimxbgiq-cazim
smazbSmogcibmilamdijbyfzhinsbogjbyfhbdfjfgrhbodbDinnhag'h,bonzahdboh
obzoddimbasbca.mhipbSambh.cybvomfidxbasbmiohagh,bDinnhag'hbqohbodbdyod
dfzi,bohbdabSmigcybfgdinnfrigci,bobkfgjbasbYfrybIecyogri;bogjbdyfh
qohbhabqinnbkgaqgbdabdyibl.unfc,bogjbdyibfgw.fmfihbzojibdyimibqimibfg
caghiw.igcibhabg.zima.h,bdyodbDinnhag'hbhazidfzihbqmadibdyibnodihdbgiqh
a.dbfgbobnfgibambhabogjblahdijbfdbfgbdyibUogkbqfgjaqh,bsambonnbqyabmog
dyma.rybDizlnibUombdabmiojp

Agbobhdiozfgr,bzfhdxbosdimgaag,bZmpbNammxbhodbodbyfhbjihk,bogjbCyomnih
Jomgoxbhdaajbniogfgrbagbfd,bdonkfgrbqfdybyfzbfgbobnaqbvafcipbDyi
ligfdigdfonbjigbagcibhidbolomdbsambfgdimvfiqhbqfdybdyibYa.hi,bqohbgaq
dyibgiqh-Iecyogri,bogjbqohbsfnnijbdabavimsnaqfgrpbFdbqohbqfdyfgbyonsbog
ya.mbambhabasbdyibdfzibasbcnahfgrp

“U.d,bondya.rybxa.bomibdyibxa.grihdbzogbdyodbivimbnfvij,”bhofjbCyomnih
Jomgox,bmodyimbyihfdodfgr,b“Fbz.hdbhdfnnbh.rrihdbdabxa.--”

“Fb.gjimhdogjpbDyodbFbozbdaabanj?”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“.ghiddnijbqiodyim,bobnagrb a.mgix,b.gcimdofgbzioghbasbdmovinnfgr,bo
jfhamrogfhijbca.gdmx,bobcfdxbdyodbzoxbgadbuibivigbhosibsambxa.p”

“ZxbjiombCyomnih,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqfdybcyiims.nbcagsfjigci,b“xa.bda.cy
hazibasbdyibmiohaghbsambzxbrafgr:bgadbsambzxbhdoxfgrboqoxpbFdbfhbhosi
iga.rybsambzi;bgauajxbqfnnbcomibdabfgdimsimibqfdybogbanjbsinnaqbasbyomj
.lagbsa.mhcamibqyigbdyimibomibhabzogxblialnibdyimibz.cybuiddimbqamdy
fgdimsimfgrbqfdypbOhbdabfdhbuifgrbobjfhamrogfhijbcfdx,bfsbfdbqimibgadbo
jfhamrogfhijbcfdxbdyimibqa.njbuibgabaccohfagbdabhigjbhaziuajxbsmazba.m
Ya.hibyimibdaba.mbYa.hibdyimi,bqyabkgaqhbdyibcfdxbogjbdyibu.hfgihh,bas
anj,bogjbfhbfgbDinnhag'hbcagsfjigcipbOhbdabdyib.gcimdofgbdmovinnfgr,bdyi
nagrb a.mgix,bogjbdyibqfgdimbqiodyim,bfsbFbqimibgadblmilomijbdabh.uzfd
zxhinsbdabobsiqbfgcagvigfigcihbsambdyibhokibasbDinnhag'h,bosdimbonn
dyihibxiomh,bqyaba.rydbdabui?”

“FbqfhybFbqimibrafgrbzxhins,”bhofjbCyomnihbJomgox,bhaziqyodbmihdnihhnx,
ogjbnfkibagibdyfgkfgrbona.jp

“Fgjiij!bXa.bomiboblmiddxbsinnaqbdabau icdbogjbojvfhi!”biecnofzijbZmp
Nammxpb“Xa.bqfhybxa.bqimibrafgrbxa.mhins?bOgjbxa.bobSmigcyzogbuamg?bXa.
omibobqfhibca.ghinnamp”

“ZxbjiombZmpbNammx,bfdbfhbuico.hibFbozbobSmigcyzogbuamg,bdyodbdyi
dya.rydb(qyfcybFbjfjbgadbziogbdab.ddimbyimi,byaqivim)byohblohhijbdyma.ry
zxbzfgjbasdigpbAgibcoggadbyinlbdyfgkfgr,byovfgrbyojbhazibhxzlodyxbsam
dyibzfhimouniblialni,bogjbyovfgrbouogjagijbhazidyfgrbdabdyiz,”byibhlaki
yimibfgbyfhbsamzimbdya.ryds.nbzoggim,b“dyodbagibzfrydbuibnfhdigijbda,
ogjbzfrydbyovibdyiblaqimbdablimh.ojibdabhazibmihdmofgdpbAgnxbnohdbgfryd,
osdimbxa.byojbnisdb.h,bqyigbFbqohbdonkfgrbdabN.cfi--”

“Qyigbxa.bqimibdonkfgrbdabN.cfi,”bZmpbNammxbmiliodijpb“XihpbFbqagjimbxa.
omibgadbohyozijbdabzigdfagbdyibgozibasbN.cfi!bQfhyfgrbxa.bqimibrafgrbda
Smogcibodbdyfhbdfzibasbjox!”

“Yaqivim,bFbozbgadbrafgr,”bhofjbCyomnihbJomgox,bqfdybobhzfnipb“Fdbfh
zamibdabdyibl.mlahibdyodbxa.bhoxbxa.bomip”

“OgjbFboz,bfgblnofgbmionfdxpbDyibdm.dybfh,bzxbjiombCyomnih,”bZmpbNammx
rnogcijbodbdyibjfhdogdbYa.hi,bogjbnaqimijbyfhbvafci,b“xa.bcogbyovibga
cagcildfagbasbdyibjfssfc.ndxbqfdybqyfcyba.mbu.hfgihhbfhbdmoghocdij,bogj
asbdyiblimfnbfgbqyfcyba.mbuaakhbogjblolimhbavimbxagjimbomibfgvanvijpbDyi
Namjbouavibkgaqhbqyodbdyibcazlmazfhfgrbcaghiw.igcihbqa.njbuibdabg.zuimh
asblialni,bfsbhazibasba.mbjac.zigdhbqimibhiftijbambjihdmaxij;bogjbdyix
zfrydbui,bodbogxbdfzi,bxa.bkgaq,bsambqyabcogbhoxbdyodbLomfhbfhbgadbhid
osfmibda-jox,bambhockijbda-zammaq!bGaq,bob .jfcfa.hbhinicdfagbsmazbdyihi
qfdybdyibniohdblahhfunibjinox,bogjbdyibu.mxfgrbasbdyiz,bambadyimqfhi
riddfgrbasbdyizba.dbasbyomz'hbqox,bfhbqfdyfgbdyiblaqimb(qfdya.dbnahhbas
lmicfa.hbdfzi)basbhcomcinxbogxbagibu.dbzxhins,bfsbogxbagipbOgjbhyonn
Fbyogrbuock,bqyigbDinnhag'hbkgaqhbdyfhbogjbhoxhbdyfh--Dinnhag'h,bqyahi
umiojbFbyovibiodigbdyihibhfedxbxiomh--uico.hibFbozbobnfddnibhdfssboua.d
dyib afgdh?bQyx,bFbozbobuax,bhfm,bdabyonsbobjatigbanjbcajrimhbyimi!”

“YaqbFbojzfmibdyibronnogdmxbasbxa.mbxa.dys.nbhlfmfd,bZmpbNammxp”

“D.d!bGaghighi,bhfm!--Ogj,bzxbjiombCyomnih,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,brnogcfgrbod
dyibYa.hiborofg,b“xa.bomibdabmizizuim,bdyodbriddfgrbdyfgrhba.dbas
Lomfhbodbdyfhblmihigdbdfzi,bgabzoddimbqyodbdyfgrh,bfhbgiedbdabog
fzlahhfufnfdxpbLolimhbogjblmicfa.hbzoddimhbqimibdyfhbvimxbjoxbuma.ryd
dab.hbyimib(Fbhliokbfgbhdmfcdbcagsfjigci;bfdbfhbgadbu.hfgihh-nfkibda
qyfhlimbfd,bivigbdabxa.),buxbdyibhdmogrihdbuiomimhbxa.bcogbfzorfgi,
ivimxbagibasbqyazbyojbyfhbyiojbyogrfgrbagbuxbobhfgrnibyofmbohbyiblohhij
dyibUommfimhpbOdbogadyimbdfzi,ba.mblomcinhbqa.njbcazibogjbra,bohbiohfnx
ohbfgbu.hfgihh-nfkibAnjbIgrnogj;bu.dbgaq,bivimxdyfgrbfhbhdallijp”

“Ogjbjabxa.bmionnxbrabda-gfryd?”

“Fbmionnxbrabda-gfryd,bsambdyibcohibyohbuicazibdaablmihhfgrbdabojzfdbas
jinoxp”

“Ogjbjabxa.bdokibgabagibqfdybxa.?”

“Onnbhamdhbasblialnibyovibuiigblmalahijbdabzi,bu.dbFbqfnnbyovibgadyfgr
dabhoxbdabogxbasbdyizpbFbfgdigjbdabdokib immxpb immxbyohbuiigbzx
uajxr.omjbagbH.gjoxbgfrydhbsambobnagrbdfziblohdbogjbFbozb.hijbdabyfzp
Gauajxbqfnnbh.hlicdb immxbasbuifgrbogxdyfgrbu.dbogbIgrnfhybu.nn-jar,bam
asbyovfgrbogxbjihfrgbfgbyfhbyiojbu.dbdabsnxbodbogxuajxbqyabda.cyihbyfh
zohdimp”

“Fbz.hdbhoxborofgbdyodbFbyiomdfnxbojzfmibxa.mbronnogdmxbogj
xa.dys.ngihhp”

“Fbz.hdbhoxborofg,bgaghighi,bgaghighi!bQyigbFbyovibieic.dijbdyfhbnfddni
cazzfhhfag,bFbhyonn,blimyolh,boccildbDinnhag'hblmalahonbdabmidfmibogj
nfvibodbzxbiohipbDfzibiga.ry,bdyig,bdabdyfgkboua.dbrmaqfgrbanjp”

Dyfhbjfonar.ibyojbdokigblnocibodbZmpbNammx'hb.h.onbjihk,bqfdy
Zaghifrgi.mbhqomzfgrbqfdyfgbobxomjbambdqabasbfd,buaohds.nbasbqyodbyi
qa.njbjabdabovigribyfzhinsbagbdyibmohcon-lialnibuisamibnagrpbFdbqohbdaa
z.cybdyibqoxbasbZaghifrgi.mb.gjimbyfhbmivimhihbohbobmis.rii,bogjbfd
qohbz.cybdaabz.cybdyibqoxbasbgodfvibUmfdfhybamdyajaex,bdabdonkbasbdyfh
dimmfunibMivan.dfagbohbfsbfdbqimibdyibagnxbyomvihdbivimbkgaqgb.gjim
dyibhkfihbdyodbyojbgadbuiigbhaqg--ohbfsbgadyfgrbyojbivimbuiigbjagi,bam
azfddijbdabuibjagi,bdyodbyojbnijbdabfd--ohbfsbauhimvimhbasbdyibqmidcyij
zfnnfaghbfgbSmogci,bogjbasbdyibzfh.hijbogjblimvimdijbmiha.mcihbdyod
hya.njbyovibzojibdyizblmahlima.h,byojbgadbhiigbfdbfgivfdounxbcazfgr,
xiomhbuisami,bogjbyojbgadbfgblnofgbqamjhbmicamjijbqyodbdyixbhoqpbH.cy
vola.mfgr,bcazufgijbqfdybdyibiedmovorogdblnadhbasbZaghifrgi.mbsambdyi
mihdamodfagbasbobhdodibasbdyfgrhbdyodbyojb.ddimnxbieyo.hdijbfdhins,
ogjbqamgba.dbYiovigbogjbiomdybohbqinnbohbfdhins,bqohbyomjbdabuibigj.mij
qfdya.dbhazibmizaghdmogcibuxbogxbhogibzogbqyabkgiqbdyibdm.dypbOgjbfdbqoh
h.cybvola.mfgrbonnboua.dbyfhbiomh,bnfkibobdma.unihazibcags.hfagbasbunaaj
fgbyfhbaqgbyioj,bojjijbdabobnodigdb.giohfgihhbfgbyfhbzfgj,bqyfcybyoj
onmiojxbzojibCyomnihbJomgoxbmihdnihh,bogjbqyfcybhdfnnbkildbyfzbhap

Ozagrbdyibdonkimh,bqohbHdmxvim,basbdyibKfgr'hbUigcybUom,bsombagbyfh
qoxbdabhdodiblmazadfag,bogj,bdyimisami,bna.jbagbdyibdyizi:bumaocyfgr
dabZaghifrgi.m,byfhbjivfcihbsambunaqfgrbdyiblialnib.lbogjbiedimzfgodfgr
dyizbsmazbdyibsocibasbdyibiomdy,bogjbjafgrbqfdya.dbdyiz:bogjbsam
occazlnfhyfgrbzogxbhfzfnombau icdhbokfgbfgbdyifmbgod.mibdabdyibouanfdfag
asbiornihbuxbhlmfgknfgrbhondbagbdyibdofnhbasbdyibmocipbYfz,bJomgoxbyiomj
qfdyboblomdfc.nombsiinfgrbasbau icdfag;bogjbJomgoxbhdaajbjfvfjijbuidqiig
rafgrboqoxbdyodbyibzfrydbyiombgabzami,bogjbmizofgfgrbdabfgdimlahibyfh
qamj,bqyigbdyibdyfgrbdyodbqohbdabui,bqigdbagbdabhyolibfdhinsba.dp

DyibYa.hibollmaocyijbZmpbNammx,bogjbnoxfgrbobhafnijbogjb.galigijbniddim
uisamibyfz,bohkijbfsbyibyojbxidbjfhcavimijbogxbdmocihbasbdyiblimhagbda
qyazbfdbqohbojjmihhij?bDyibYa.hibnofjbdyibniddimbjaqgbhabcnahibdabJomgox
dyodbyibhoqbdyibjfmicdfag--dyibzamibw.fcknxbuico.hibfdbqohbyfhbaqgbmfryd
gozipbDyibojjmihh,bd.mgijbfgdabIgrnfhy,bmog:

“VimxblmihhfgrpbDabZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fhbHdpbIvmizagji,bas
SmogcipbCagsfjijbdabdyibcomihbasbZihhmhpbDinnhagbogjbCap,bUogkimh,
Nagjag,bIgrnogjp”

Agbdyibzommforibzamgfgr,bJacdambZogiddibyojbzojibfdbyfhbagib.mrigdbogj
ielmihhbmiw.ihdbdabCyomnihbJomgox,bdyodbdyibhicmidbasbdyfhbgozibhya.nj
ui--.gnihhbyi,bdyibJacdam,bjfhhanvijbdyibaunfrodfag--kildbfgvfanodi
uidqiigbdyizpbGauajxbinhibkgiqbfdbdabuibyfhbgozi;byfhbaqgbqfsibyojbga
h.hlfcfagbasbdyibsocd;bZmpbNammxbca.njbyovibgagip

“Ga,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bfgbmilnxbdabdyibYa.hi;b“Fbyovibmisimmijbfd,
Fbdyfgk,bdabivimxuajxbgaqbyimi,bogjbgabagibcogbdinnbzibqyimibdyfh
rigdnizogbfhbdabuibsa.gjp”

Dyibyogjhbasbdyibcnackbvimrfgrb.lagbdyibya.mbasbcnahfgrbdyibUogk,bdyimi
qohbobrigimonbhidbasbdyibc.mmigdbasbdonkimhblohdbZmpbNammx'hbjihkpbYi
yinjbdyibniddimba.dbfgw.fmfgrnx;bogjbZaghifrgi.mbnaakijbodbfd,bfgbdyi
limhagbasbdyfhblnaddfgrbogjbfgjfrgogdbmis.rii;bogjbZaghifrgi.mbnaakijbod
fdbfgbdyiblimhagbasbdyodblnaddfgrbogjbfgjfrgogdbmis.rii;bogjbDyfh,bDyod,
ogjbDyibAdyim,bonnbyojbhazidyfgrbjfhlomorfgrbdabhox,bfgbSmigcybambfg
Igrnfhy,bcagcimgfgrbdyibZomw.fhbqyabqohbgadbdabuibsa.gjp

“Gilyiq,bFbuinfivi--u.dbfgbogxbcohibjirigimodibh.ccihham--asbdyi
lanfhyijbZomw.fhbqyabqohbz.mjimij,”bhofjbagipb“Yollxbdabhox,bFbgivim
kgiqbyfzp”

“Obcmovigbqyabouogjagijbyfhblahd,”bhofjbogadyim--dyfhbZaghifrgi.mbyoj
uiigbradba.dbasbLomfh,bnirhb.llimzahdbogjbyonsbh.ssacodij,bfgbobnaojbas
yox--“hazibxiomhborap”

“Fgsicdijbqfdybdyibgiqbjacdmfgih,”bhofjbobdyfmj,bixifgrbdyibjfmicdfag
dyma.rybyfhbrnohhbfgblohhfgr;b“hidbyfzhinsbfgballahfdfagbdabdyibnohd
Zomw.fh,bouogjagijbdyibihdodihbqyigbyibfgyimfdijbdyiz,bogjbnisdbdyizbda
dyibm.ssfogbyimjpbDyixbqfnnbmicazlighibyfzbgaq,bFbyali,bohbyibjihimvihp”

“Yix?”bcmfijbdyibunodogdbHdmxvimpb“Jfjbyibdya.ry?bFhbdyodbdyibhamdbas
sinnaq?bNidb.hbnaakbodbyfhbfgsoza.hbgozipbJ--gbdyibsinnaq!”

Jomgox,b.gounibdabmihdmofgbyfzhinsbogxbnagrim,bda.cyijbZmpbHdmxvimbag
dyibhya.njim,bogjbhofj:

“Fbkgaqbdyibsinnaqp”

“Jabxa.,buxb .lfdim?”bhofjbHdmxvimpb“Fbozbhammxbsambfdp”

“Qyx?”

“Qyx,bZmpbJomgox?bJ'xibyiombqyodbyibjfj?bJag'dbohk,bqyx,bfgbdyihi
dfzihp”

“U.dbFbjabohkbqyx?”

“DyigbFbdinnbxa.borofg,bZmpbJomgox,bFbozbhammxbsambfdpbFbozbhammxbda
yiombxa.bl.ddfgrbogxbh.cybiedmoamjfgomxbw.ihdfaghpbYimibfhbobsinnaq,
qya,bfgsicdijbuxbdyibzahdblihdfnigdbogjbunohlyiza.hbcajibasbjivfnmxbdyod
ivimbqohbkgaqg,bouogjagijbyfhblmalimdxbdabdyibvfnihdbhc.zbasbdyibiomdy
dyodbivimbjfjbz.mjimbuxbqyanihoni,bogjbxa.bohkbzibqyxbFbozbhammxbdyodbo
zogbqyabfghdm.cdhbxa.dybkgaqhbyfz?bQinn,bu.dbF'nnboghqimbxa.pbFbozbhammx
uico.hibFbuinfivibdyimibfhbcagdozfgodfagbfgbh.cybobhca.gjminpbDyod'h
qyxp”

Zfgjs.nbasbdyibhicmid,bJomgoxbqfdybrmiodbjfssfc.ndxbcyickijbyfzhins,bogj
hofj:b“Xa.bzoxbgadb.gjimhdogjbdyibrigdnizogp”

“Fb.gjimhdogjbyaqbdabl.db_xa._bfgbobcamgim,bZmpbJomgox,”bhofjbU.nnx
Hdmxvim,b“ogjbF'nnbjabfdpbFsbdyfhbsinnaqbfhbobrigdnizog,bFb_jag'd_
.gjimhdogjbyfzpbXa.bzoxbdinnbyfzbha,bqfdybzxbcazlnfzigdhpbXa.bzoxbonha
dinnbyfz,bsmazbzi,bdyodbosdimbouogjagfgrbyfhbqamnjnxbraajhbogjblahfdfag
dabdyfhbu.dcyimnxbzau,bFbqagjimbyibfhbgadbodbdyibyiojbasbdyizpbU.d,bga,
rigdnizig,”bhofjbHdmxvim,bnaakfgrbonnbma.gj,bogjbhgollfgrbyfhbsfgrimh,
“Fbkgaqbhazidyfgrbasby.zogbgod.mi,bogjbFbdinnbxa.bdyodbxa.'nnbgivim
sfgjbobsinnaqbnfkibdyfhbsinnaq,bdm.hdfgrbyfzhinsbdabdyibzimcfihbasbh.cy
lmicfa.hb_lmadéréh_pbGa,brigdnizig;byi'nnbonqoxhbhyaqb'izbobcniogblofm
asbyiinhbvimxbiomnxbfgbdyibhc.ssni,bogjbhgiokboqoxp”

Qfdybdyahibqamjh,bogjbobsfgonbhgolbasbyfhbsfgrimh,bZmpbHdmxvim
hya.njimijbyfzhinsbfgdabSniid-hdmiid,bozfjhdbdyibrigimonbollmauodfagbas
yfhbyiomimhpbZmpbNammxbogjbCyomnihbJomgoxbqimibnisdbonagibodbdyibjihk,
fgbdyibrigimonbjilomd.mibsmazbdyibUogkp

“Qfnnbxa.bdokibcyomribasbdyibniddim?”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Xa.bkgaqbqyimibda
jinfvimbfd?”

“Fbjap”

“Qfnnbxa.b.gjimdokibdabielnofg,bdyodbqibh.llahibfdbdabyovibuiig
ojjmihhijbyimi,bagbdyibcyogcibasba.mbkgaqfgrbqyimibdabsamqomjbfd,bogj
dyodbfdbyohbuiigbyimibhazibdfzi?”

“FbqfnnbjabhapbJabxa.bhdomdbsambLomfhbsmazbyimi?”

“Smazbyimi,bodbifrydp”

“Fbqfnnbcazibuock,bdabhiibxa.bassp”

Vimxbfnnbodbiohibqfdybyfzhins,bogjbqfdybHdmxvimbogjbzahdbadyimbzig,
Jomgoxbzojibdyibuihdbasbyfhbqoxbfgdabdyibw.fidbasbdyibDizlni,baligijbdyi
niddim,bogjbmiojbfdpbDyihibqimibfdhbcagdigdh:


“LmfhagbasbdyibOuuoxi,bLomfhp

“ .gib21,b1792pb“ZAGHFI.MbYIMIDASAMIbDYIbZOMW.FHp

“Osdimbyovfgrbnagrbuiigbfgbjogrimbasbzxbnfsibodbdyibyogjhbasbdyi
vfnnori,bFbyovibuiigbhiftij,bqfdybrmiodbvfanigcibogjbfgjfrgfdx,bogj
uma.rydbobnagrb a.mgixbagbsaadbdabLomfhpbAgbdyibmaojbFbyovibh.ssimijbo
rmiodbjionpbGambfhbdyodbonn;bzxbya.hibyohbuiigbjihdmaxij--motijbdabdyi
rma.gjp

“DyibcmfzibsambqyfcybFbozbfzlmfhagij,bZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,
ogjbsambqyfcybFbhyonnbuibh.zzagijbuisamibdyibdmfu.gon,bogjbhyonnbnahibzx
nfsib(qfdya.dbxa.mbhabrigima.hbyinl),bfh,bdyixbdinnbzi,bdmiohagborofghd
dyibzo ihdxbasbdyiblialni,bfgbdyodbFbyovibocdijborofghdbdyizbsambog
izfrmogdpbFdbfhbfgbvofgbFbmilmihigdbdyodbFbyovibocdijbsambdyiz,bogjbgad
orofghd,boccamjfgrbdabxa.mbcazzogjhpbFdbfhbfgbvofgbFbmilmihigdbdyod,
uisamibdyibhiw.ihdmodfagbasbizfrmogdblmalimdx,bFbyojbmizfddijbdyi
fzlahdhbdyixbyojbciohijbdablox;bdyodbFbyojbcannicdijbgabmigd;bdyodbFbyoj
yojbmica.mhibdabgablmacihhpbDyibagnxbmihlaghibfh,bdyodbFbyovibocdijbsam
ogbizfrmogd,bogjbqyimibfhbdyodbizfrmogd?

“Oy!bzahdbrmocfa.hbZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,bqyimibfhbdyod
izfrmogd?bFbcmxbfgbzxbhniilbqyimibfhbyi?bFbjizogjbasbYiovig,bqfnnbyi
gadbcazibdabjinfvimbzi?bGaboghqimpbOybZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,
Fbhigjbzxbjihanodibcmxbocmahhbdyibhio,byalfgrbfdbzoxblimyolhbmiocybxa.m
iomhbdyma.rybdyibrmiodbuogkbasbDfnhagbkgaqgbodbLomfh!

“SambdyibnavibasbYiovig,basb .hdfci,basbrigimahfdx,basbdyibyaga.mbas
xa.mbgaunibgozi,bFbh.llnfcodibxa.,bZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,bda
h.cca.mbogjbminiohibzipbZxbso.ndbfh,bdyodbFbyovibuiigbdm.ibdabxa.pbAy
Zaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,bFblmoxbxa.buibxa.bdm.ibdabzi!

“Smazbdyfhblmfhagbyimibasbyammam,bqyigcibFbivimxbya.mbdigjbgiomimbogj
giomimbdabjihdm.cdfag,bFbhigjbxa.,bZaghfi.mbyimidasamibdyibZomw.fh,bdyi
ohh.mogcibasbzxbjanama.hbogjb.gyollxbhimvfcip

“Xa.mbossnfcdij,

“Rouinnip”


Dyibnodigdb.giohfgihhbfgbJomgox'hbzfgjbqohbma.hijbdabvfra.ma.hbnfsi
uxbdyfhbniddimpbDyiblimfnbasbogbanjbhimvogdbogjbobraajbagi,bqyahi
agnxbcmfzibqohbsfjinfdxbdabyfzhinsbogjbyfhbsozfnx,bhdomijbyfzbha
milmaocys.nnxbfgbdyibsoci,bdyod,bohbyibqonkijbdabogjbsmabfgbdyibDizlni
caghfjimfgrbqyodbdabja,byibonzahdbyfjbyfhbsocibsmazbdyiblohhimhuxp

Yibkgiqbvimxbqinn,bdyodbfgbyfhbyammambasbdyibjiijbqyfcybyojbc.nzfgodij
dyibuojbjiijhbogjbuojbmil.dodfagbasbdyibanjbsozfnxbya.hi,bfgbyfh
mihigds.nbh.hlfcfaghbasbyfhb.gcni,bogjbfgbdyibovimhfagbqfdybqyfcybyfh
caghcfigcibmiromjijbdyibcm.zunfgrbsoumfcbdyodbyibqohbh.llahijbdab.lyanj,
yibyojbocdijbfzlimsicdnxpbYibkgiqbvimxbqinn,bdyodbfgbyfhbnavibsambN.cfi,
yfhbmig.gcfodfagbasbyfhbhacfonblnoci,bdya.rybuxbgabzioghbgiqbdabyfhbaqg
zfgj,byojbuiigby.mmfijbogjbfgcazlnidipbYibkgiqbdyodbyiba.rydbdabyovi
hxhdizodfconnxbqamkijbfdba.dbogjbh.limvfhijbfd,bogjbdyodbyibyojbziogdbda
jabfd,bogjbdyodbfdbyojbgivimbuiigbjagip

DyibyollfgihhbasbyfhbaqgbcyahigbIgrnfhybyazi,bdyibgicihhfdxbasbuifgr
onqoxhbocdfvinxbizlnaxij,bdyibhqfsdbcyogrihbogjbdma.unihbasbdyibdfzi
qyfcybyojbsannaqijbagbagibogadyimbhabsohd,bdyodbdyibivigdhbasbdyfhbqiik
oggfyfnodijbdyibfzzod.miblnoghbasbnohdbqiik,bogjbdyibivigdhbasbdyibqiik
sannaqfgrbzojibonnbgiqborofg;byibkgiqbvimxbqinn,bdyodbdabdyibsamcibas
dyihibcfmc.zhdogcihbyibyojbxfinjij:--gadbqfdya.dbjfhw.fid,bu.dbhdfnn
qfdya.dbcagdfg.a.hbogjbocc.z.nodfgrbmihfhdogcipbDyodbyibyojbqodcyij
dyibdfzihbsambobdfzibasbocdfag,bogjbdyodbdyixbyojbhyfsdijbogjbhdm.rrnij
.gdfnbdyibdfzibyojbragibux,bogjbdyibgaufnfdxbqimibdmaalfgrbsmaz
Smogcibuxbivimxbyfryqoxbogjbuxqox,bogjbdyifmblmalimdxbqohbfgbca.mhibas
cagsfhcodfagbogjbjihdm.cdfag,bogjbdyifmbvimxbgozihbqimibunaddfgrba.d,
qohbohbqinnbkgaqgbdabyfzhinsbohbfdbca.njbuibdabogxbgiqbo.dyamfdxbfg
Smogcibdyodbzfrydbfzliocybyfzbsambfdp

U.d,byibyojballmihhijbgabzog,byibyojbfzlmfhagijbgabzog;byibqohbha
sombsmazbyovfgrbyomhynxbieocdijbloxzigdbasbyfhbj.ih,bdyodbyibyoj
minfgw.fhyijbdyizbasbyfhbaqgbqfnn,bdymaqgbyfzhinsbagbobqamnjbqfdybga
sova.mbfgbfd,bqagbyfhbaqgblmfvodiblnocibdyimi,bogjbiomgijbyfhbaqg
umiojpbZaghfi.mbRouinnibyojbyinjbdyibfzlavimfhyijbogjbfgvanvijbihdodi
agbqmfddigbfghdm.cdfagh,bdabhlomibdyiblialni,bdabrfvibdyizbqyodbnfddni
dyimibqohbdabrfvi--h.cybs.inbohbdyibyiovxbcmijfdamhbqa.njbnidbdyizbyovi
fgbdyibqfgdim,bogjbh.cyblmaj.cibohbca.njbuibhovijbsmazbdyibhozibrmflbfg
dyibh.zzim--ogjbgabja.udbyibyojbl.dbdyibsocdbfgblniobogjblmaas,bsambyfh
aqgbhosidx,bhabdyodbfdbca.njbgadbu.dbolliombgaqp

Dyfhbsova.mijbdyibjihlimodibmihan.dfagbCyomnihbJomgoxbyojbuir.gbdabzoki,
dyodbyibqa.njbrabdabLomfhp

XihpbNfkibdyibzomfgimbfgbdyibanjbhdamx,bdyibqfgjhbogjbhdmiozhbyojbjmfvig
yfzbqfdyfgbdyibfgsn.igcibasbdyibNaojhdagibMack,bogjbfdbqohbjmoqfgrbyfz
dabfdhins,bogjbyibz.hdbrapbIvimxdyfgrbdyodbomahibuisamibyfhbzfgjbjmfsdij
yfzbag,bsohdimbogjbsohdim,bzamibogjbzamibhdiojfnx,bdabdyibdimmfuni
oddmocdfagpbYfhbnodigdb.giohfgihhbyojbuiig,bdyodbuojbofzhbqimibuifgr
qamkijba.dbfgbyfhbaqgb.gyollxbnogjbuxbuojbfghdm.zigdh,bogjbdyodbyibqya
ca.njbgadbsofnbdabkgaqbdyodbyibqohbuiddimbdyogbdyix,bqohbgadbdyimi,
dmxfgrbdabjabhazidyfgrbdabhdoxbunaajhyij,bogjbohhimdbdyibcnofzhbasbzimcx
ogjby.zogfdxpbQfdybdyfhb.giohfgihhbyonsbhdfsnij,bogjbyonsbmilmaocyfgr
yfz,byibyojbuiigbuma.rydbdabdyiblafgdijbcazlomfhagbasbyfzhinsbqfdybdyi
umovibanjbrigdnizogbfgbqyazbj.dxbqohbhabhdmagr;b.lagbdyodbcazlomfhag
(fg .mfa.hbdabyfzhins)byojbfghdogdnxbsannaqijbdyibhgiimhbasbZaghifrgi.m,
qyfcybyojbhd.grbyfzbufddimnx,bogjbdyahibasbHdmxvim,bqyfcybouavibonnbqimi
caomhibogjbronnfgr,bsambanjbmiohaghpb.lagbdyahi,byojbsannaqijbRouinni'h
niddim:bdyibollionbasbogbfggacigdblmfhagim,bfgbjogrimbasbjiody,bdabyfh
 .hdfci,byaga.m,bogjbraajbgozip

Yfhbmihan.dfagbqohbzojipbYibz.hdbrabdabLomfhp

XihpbDyibNaojhdagibMackbqohbjmoqfgrbyfz,bogjbyibz.hdbhofnbag,b.gdfnbyi
hdm.ckpbYibkgiqbasbgabmack;byibhoqbyomjnxbogxbjogrimpbDyibfgdigdfag
qfdybqyfcybyibyojbjagibqyodbyibyojbjagi,bivigbondya.rybyibyojbnisd
fdbfgcazlnidi,blmihigdijbfdbuisamibyfzbfgbogbohlicdbdyodbqa.njbui
rmodis.nnxbockgaqnijrijbfgbSmogcibagbyfhblmihigdfgrbyfzhinsbdabohhimd
fdpbDyig,bdyodbrnamfa.hbvfhfagbasbjafgrbraaj,bqyfcybfhbhabasdigbdyi
hogr.fgibzfmoribasbhabzogxbraajbzfgjh,bomahibuisamibyfz,bogjbyibivig
hoqbyfzhinsbfgbdyibfnn.hfagbqfdybhazibfgsn.igcibdabr.fjibdyfhbmorfgr
Mivan.dfagbdyodbqohbm.ggfgrbhabsioms.nnxbqfnjp

Ohbyibqonkijbdabogjbsmabqfdybyfhbmihan.dfagbzoji,byibcaghfjimijbdyod
gifdyimbN.cfibgambyimbsodyimbz.hdbkgaqbasbfdb.gdfnbyibqohbragip
N.cfibhya.njbuibhlomijbdyiblofgbasbhilomodfag;bogjbyimbsodyim,bonqoxh
min.cdogdbdabd.mgbyfhbdya.rydhbdaqomjhbdyibjogrima.hbrma.gjbasbanj,
hya.njbcazibdabdyibkgaqnijribasbdyibhdil,bohbobhdilbdokig,bogjbgadbfg
dyibuonogcibasbh.hlighibogjbja.udpbYaqbz.cybasbdyibfgcazlnidigihhbasbyfh
hfd.odfagbqohbmisimounibdabyimbsodyim,bdyma.rybdyiblofgs.nbogefidx
dabovafjbmivfvfgrbanjbohhacfodfaghbasbSmogcibfgbyfhbzfgj,byibjfjbgad
jfhc.hhbqfdybyfzhinspbU.d,bdyodbcfmc.zhdogcibdaa,byojbyojbfdhbfgsn.igci
fgbyfhbca.mhip

Yibqonkijbdabogjbsma,bqfdybdya.rydhbvimxbu.hx,b.gdfnbfdbqohbdfzibda
mid.mgbdabDinnhag'hbogjbdokibniovibasbZmpbNammxpbOhbhaagbohbyibommfvij
fgbLomfhbyibqa.njblmihigdbyfzhinsbdabdyfhbanjbsmfigj,bu.dbyibz.hdbhox
gadyfgrbasbyfhbfgdigdfagbgaqp

Obcommforibqfdyblahd-yamhihbqohbmiojxbodbdyibUogkbjaam,bogjb immxbqoh
uaadijbogjbiw.fllijp

“Fbyovibjinfvimijbdyodbniddim,”bhofjbCyomnihbJomgoxbdabZmpbNammxpb“F
qa.njbgadbcaghigdbdabxa.mbuifgrbcyomrijbqfdybogxbqmfddigboghqim,bu.d
limyolhbxa.bqfnnbdokibobvimuonbagi?”

“DyodbFbqfnn,bogjbmiojfnx,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“fsbfdbfhbgadbjogrima.hp”

“GadbodbonnpbDya.rybfdbfhbdaboblmfhagimbfgbdyibOuuoxip”

“Qyodbfhbyfhbgozi?”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqfdybyfhbaligblackid-uaakbfgbyfh
yogjp

“Rouinnip”

“RouinnipbOgjbqyodbfhbdyibzihhoribdabdyib.gsamd.godibRouinnibfgblmfhag?”

“Hfzlnx,b'dyodbyibyohbmicifvijbdyibniddim,bogjbqfnnbcazip'”

“Ogxbdfzibzigdfagij?”

“Yibqfnnbhdomdb.lagbyfhb a.mgixbda-zammaqbgfrydp”

“Ogxblimhagbzigdfagij?”

“Gap”

YibyinlijbZmpbNammxbdabqmolbyfzhinsbfgbobg.zuimbasbcaodhbogjbcnaokh,
ogjbqigdba.dbqfdybyfzbsmazbdyibqomzbodzahlyimibasbdyibanjbUogk,bfgdabdyi
zfhdxbofmbasbSniid-hdmiidpb“ZxbnavibdabN.cfi,bogjbdabnfddnibN.cfi,”bhofj
ZmpbNammxbodblomdfgr,b“ogjbdokiblmicfa.hbcomibasbdyizbdfnnbFbcazibuockp”
bCyomnihbJomgoxbhyaakbyfhbyiojbogjbja.uds.nnxbhzfnij,bohbdyibcommfori
mannijboqoxp

Dyodbgfryd--fdbqohbdyibsa.mdiigdybasbO.r.hd--yibhodb.lbnodi,bogjbqmadi
dqabsimvigdbniddimh;bagibqohbdabN.cfi,bielnofgfgrbdyibhdmagrbaunfrodfag
yibqohb.gjimbdabrabdabLomfh,bogjbhyaqfgrbyim,bodbnigrdy,bdyibmiohagh
dyodbyibyoj,bsambsiinfgrbcagsfjigdbdyodbyibca.njbuicazibfgvanvijbfgbga
limhagonbjogrimbdyimi;bdyibadyimbqohbdabdyibJacdam,bcagsfjfgrbN.cfibogj
dyifmbjiombcyfnjbdabyfhbcomi,bogjbjqinnfgrbagbdyibhozibdalfchbqfdybdyi
hdmagrihdbohh.mogcihpbDabuady,byibqmadibdyodbyibqa.njbjihlodcybniddimh
fgblmaasbasbyfhbhosidx,bfzzijfodinxbosdimbyfhbommfvonp

Fdbqohbobyomjbjox,bdyodbjoxbasbuifgrbozagrbdyiz,bqfdybdyibsfmhd
mihimvodfagbasbdyifmb afgdbnfvihbagbyfhbzfgjpbFdbqohbobyomjbzoddimbda
lmihimvibdyibfggacigdbjicifdbasbqyfcybdyixbqimiblmasa.gjnxb.gh.hlfcfa.hp
U.d,bogbossicdfagodibrnogcibodbyfhbqfsi,bhabyollxbogjbu.hx,bzojibyfz
mihan.dibgadbdabdinnbyimbqyodbfzligjijb(yibyojbuiigbyonsbzavijbdabjabfd,
habhdmogribfdbqohbdabyfzbdabocdbfgbogxdyfgrbqfdya.dbyimbw.fidbofj),bogj
dyibjoxblohhijbw.fcknxpbIomnxbfgbdyibivigfgrbyibizumocijbyim,bogjbyim
hcomcinxbnihhbjiombgozihoki,blmidigjfgrbdyodbyibqa.njbmid.mgbux-ogj-uxi
(ogbfzorfgomxbigrorizigdbdaakbyfzba.d,bogjbyibyojbhicmidijbobvonfhi
asbcnadyihbmiojx),bogjbhabyibizimrijbfgdabdyibyiovxbzfhdbasbdyibyiovx
hdmiidh,bqfdybobyiovfimbyiomdp

Dyib.ghiigbsamcibqohbjmoqfgrbyfzbsohdbdabfdhins,bgaq,bogjbonnbdyibdfjih
ogjbqfgjhbqimibhiddfgrbhdmofrydbogjbhdmagrbdaqomjhbfdpbYibnisdbyfh
dqabniddimhbqfdybobdm.hdxblamdim,bdabuibjinfvimijbyonsbogbya.mbuisami
zfjgfryd,bogjbgabhaagim;bdaakbyamhibsambJavim;bogjbuirogbyfhb a.mgixp
“SambdyibnavibasbYiovig,basb .hdfci,basbrigimahfdx,basbdyibyaga.mbas
xa.mbgaunibgozi!”bqohbdyiblaamblmfhagim'hbcmxbqfdybqyfcybyibhdmigrdyigij
yfhbhfgkfgrbyiomd,bohbyibnisdbonnbdyodbqohbjiombagbiomdybuiyfgjbyfz,bogj
snaodijboqoxbsambdyibNaojhdagibMackp


Dyibigjbasbdyibhicagjbuaakp





UaakbdyibDyfmj--dyibDmockbasbobHdamz




FpbFgbHicmid


Dyibdmovinnimbsomijbhnaqnxbagbyfhbqox,bqyabsomijbdaqomjhbLomfhbsmaz
Igrnogjbfgbdyibo.d.zgbasbdyibxiombagibdya.hogjbhivigby.gjmijbogj
gfgidx-dqapbZamibdyogbiga.rybasbuojbmaojh,buojbiw.florih,bogjbuoj
yamhih,byibqa.njbyovibigca.gdimijbdabjinoxbyfz,bdya.rybdyibsonnigbogj
.gsamd.godibKfgrbasbSmogcibyojbuiigb.lagbyfhbdymagibfgbonnbyfhbrnamx;
u.d,bdyibcyogrijbdfzihbqimibsmo.rydbqfdybadyimbauhdocnihbdyog
dyihipbIvimxbdaqg-rodibogjbvfnnoribdoefgr-ya.hibyojbfdhbuogjbas
cfdftig-lodmfadh,bqfdybdyifmbgodfagonbz.hkidhbfgbobzahdbielnahfvibhdodi
asbmiojfgihh,bqyabhdallijbonnbcazimhbogjbraimh,bcmahh-w.ihdfagijbdyiz,
fghlicdijbdyifmblolimh,bnaakijbsambdyifmbgozihbfgbnfhdhbasbdyifmbaqg,
d.mgijbdyizbuock,bambhigdbdyizbag,bambhdallijbdyizbogjbnofjbdyizbfg
yanj,bohbdyifmbcolmfcfa.hb .jrzigdbambsogcxbjiizijbuihdbsambdyibjoqgfgr
Mil.unfcbAgibogjbFgjfvfhfuni,basbNfuimdx,bIw.onfdx,bSmodimgfdx,bam
Jiodyp

ObvimxbsiqbSmigcybnior.ihbasbyfhb a.mgixbqimiboccazlnfhyij,bqyigbCyomnih
Jomgoxbuirogbdablimcifvibdyodbsambyfzbonagrbdyihibca.gdmxbmaojhbdyimi
qohbgabyalibasbmid.mgb.gdfnbyibhya.njbyovibuiigbjicnomijbobraajbcfdftig
odbLomfhpbQyodivimbzfrydbuisonnbgaq,byibz.hdbagbdabyfhb a.mgix'hbigjp
Gadbobziogbvfnnoribcnahijb.lagbyfz,bgadbobcazzagbuommfimbjmallijbocmahh
dyibmaojbuiyfgjbyfz,bu.dbyibkgiqbfdbdabuibogadyimbfmagbjaambfg
dyibhimfihbdyodbqohbuommijbuidqiigbyfzbogjbIgrnogjpbDyib.gfvimhon
qodcys.ngihhbhabigcazlohhijbyfz,bdyodbfsbyibyojbuiigbdokigbfgbobgid,
ambqimibuifgrbsamqomjijbdabyfhbjihdfgodfagbfgbobcori,byibca.njbgadbyovi
sindbyfhbsmiijazbzamibcazlnidinxbragip

Dyfhb.gfvimhonbqodcys.ngihhbgadbagnxbhdallijbyfzbagbdyibyfryqoxbdqigdx
dfzihbfgbobhdori,bu.dbmidomjijbyfhblmarmihhbdqigdxbdfzihbfgbobjox,bux
mfjfgrbosdimbyfzbogjbdokfgrbyfzbuock,bmfjfgrbuisamibyfzbogjbhdallfgrbyfz
uxbogdfcflodfag,bmfjfgrbqfdybyfzbogjbkiilfgrbyfzbfgbcyomripbYibyojbuiig
joxhb.lagbyfhb a.mgixbfgbSmogcibonagi,bqyigbyibqigdbdabuijbdfmijba.d,bfg
obnfddnibdaqgbagbdyibyfrybmaoj,bhdfnnbobnagrbqoxbsmazbLomfhp

Gadyfgrbu.dbdyiblmaj.cdfagbasbdyibossnfcdijbRouinni'hbniddimbsmazbyfh
lmfhagbasbdyibOuuoxibqa.njbyovibradbyfzbagbhabsompbYfhbjfssfc.ndxbodbdyi
r.omj-ya.hibfgbdyfhbhzonnblnocibyojbuiigbh.cy,bdyodbyibsindbyfhb a.mgix
dabyovibcazibdabobcmfhfhpbOgjbyibqoh,bdyimisami,bohbnfddnibh.mlmfhijboh
obzogbca.njbui,bdabsfgjbyfzhinsboqokigijbodbdyibhzonnbfggbdabqyfcybyi
yojbuiigbmizfddijb.gdfnbzamgfgr,bfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibgfrydp

Oqokigijbuxbobdfzfjbnaconbs.gcdfagomxbogjbdymiibomzijblodmfadhbfgbma.ry
mijbcolhbogjbqfdyblflihbfgbdyifmbza.dyh,bqyabhodbjaqgbagbdyibuijp

“Izfrmogd,”bhofjbdyibs.gcdfagomx,b“Fbozbrafgrbdabhigjbxa.bagbdabLomfh,
.gjimbogbihcamdp”

“Cfdftig,bFbjihfmibgadyfgrbzamibdyogbdabridbdabLomfh,bdya.rybFbca.nj
jfhlighibqfdybdyibihcamdp”

“Hfnigci!”brmaqnijbobmij-col,bhdmfkfgrbodbdyibcavimnidbqfdybdyibu.dd-igj
asbyfhbz.hkidpb“Lioci,bomfhdacmod!”

“Fdbfhbohbdyibraajblodmfadbhoxh,”bauhimvijbdyibdfzfjbs.gcdfagomxpb“Xa.
omibogbomfhdacmod,bogjbz.hdbyovibogbihcamd--ogjbz.hdbloxbsambfdp”

“Fbyovibgabcyafci,”bhofjbCyomnihbJomgoxp

“Cyafci!bNfhdigbdabyfz!”bcmfijbdyibhozibhcaqnfgrbmij-colpb“Ohbfsbfdbqoh
gadbobsova.mbdabuiblmadicdijbsmazbdyibnozl-fmag!”

“Fdbfhbonqoxhbohbdyibraajblodmfadbhoxh,”bauhimvijbdyibs.gcdfagomxpb“Mfhi
ogjbjmihhbxa.mhins,bizfrmogdp”

Jomgoxbcazlnfij,bogjbqohbdokigbuockbdabdyibr.omj-ya.hi,bqyimibadyim
lodmfadhbfgbma.rybmijbcolhbqimibhzakfgr,bjmfgkfgr,bogjbhniilfgr,bux
obqodcy-sfmipbYimibyiblofjbobyiovxblmfcibsambyfhbihcamd,bogjbyigcibyi
hdomdijbqfdybfdbagbdyibqid,bqidbmaojhbodbdymiiba'cnackbfgbdyibzamgfgrp

Dyibihcamdbqimibdqabza.gdijblodmfadhbfgbmijbcolhbogjbdmf-cana.mij
cackojih,bomzijbqfdybgodfagonbz.hkidhbogjbhoumih,bqyabmajibagibagbifdyim
hfjibasbyfzp

Dyibihcamdijbravimgijbyfhbaqgbyamhi,bu.dbobnaahibnfgibqohboddocyijbda
yfhbumfjni,bdyibigjbasbqyfcybagibasbdyiblodmfadhbkildbrfmjijbma.gjbyfh
qmfhdpbFgbdyfhbhdodibdyixbhidbsamdybqfdybdyibhyomlbmofgbjmfvfgrbfgbdyifm
socih:bcnoddimfgrbodbobyiovxbjmoraagbdmadbavimbdyib.givigbdaqgblovizigd,
ogjba.db.lagbdyibzfmi-jiilbmaojhpbFgbdyfhbhdodibdyixbdmovimhijbqfdya.d
cyogri,biecildbasbyamhihbogjbloci,bonnbdyibzfmi-jiilbnior.ihbdyodbnox
uidqiigbdyizbogjbdyibcolfdonp

Dyixbdmovinnijbfgbdyibgfryd,byondfgrbogbya.mbambdqabosdimbjoxumiok,bogj
nxfgrbuxb.gdfnbdyibdqfnfrydbsinnpbDyibihcamdbqimibhabqmidcyijnxbcnadyij,
dyodbdyixbdqfhdijbhdmoqbma.gjbdyifmbuomibnirh,bogjbdyodcyijbdyifmbmorrij
hya.njimhbdabkiilbdyibqidbasspbOlomdbsmazbdyiblimhagonbjfhcazsamdbas
uifgrbhaboddigjij,bogjbolomdbsmazbh.cybcaghfjimodfaghbasblmihigdbjogrim
ohbomahibsmazbagibasbdyiblodmfadhbuifgrbcymagfconnxbjm.gk,bogjbcommxfgr
yfhbz.hkidbvimxbmicknihhnx,bCyomnihbJomgoxbjfjbgadbonnaqbdyibmihdmofgd
dyodbqohbnofjb.lagbyfzbdaboqokigbogxbhimfa.hbsiomhbfgbyfhbumiohd;bsam,
yibmiohagijbqfdybyfzhinsbdyodbfdbca.njbyovibgabmisimigcibdabdyibzimfdh
asbogbfgjfvfj.onbcohibdyodbqohbgadbxidbhdodij,bogjbasbmilmihigdodfagh,
cagsfmzounibuxbdyiblmfhagimbfgbdyibOuuoxi,bdyodbqimibgadbxidbzojip

U.dbqyigbdyixbcozibdabdyibdaqgbasbUio.vofh--qyfcybdyixbjfjbodbivigdfji,
qyigbdyibhdmiidhbqimibsfnnijbqfdyblialni--yibca.njbgadbcagcionbsmaz
yfzhinsbdyodbdyibohlicdbasbossofmhbqohbvimxbonomzfgrpbOgbazfga.hbcmaqj
rodyimijbdabhiibyfzbjfhza.gdbasbdyiblahdfgr-xomj,bogjbzogxbvafcihbconnij
a.dbna.jnx,b“Jaqgbqfdybdyibizfrmogd!”

Yibhdallijbfgbdyibocdbasbhqfgrfgrbyfzhinsba.dbasbyfhbhojjni,bogj,
mih.zfgrbfdbohbyfhbhosihdblnoci,bhofj:

“Izfrmogd,bzxbsmfigjh!bJabxa.bgadbhiibzibyimi,bfgbSmogci,basbzxbaqg
qfnn?”

“Xa.bomibobc.mhijbizfrmogd,”bcmfijbobsommfim,bzokfgrbodbyfzbfgbo
s.mfa.hbzoggimbdyma.rybdyiblmihh,byozzimbfgbyogj;b“ogjbxa.bomibobc.mhij
omfhdacmod!”

Dyiblahdzohdimbfgdimlahijbyfzhinsbuidqiigbdyfhbzogbogjbdyibmfjim'h
umfjnib(odbqyfcybyibqohbivfjigdnxbzokfgr),bogjbhaadyfgrnxbhofj,b“Nidbyfz
ui;bnidbyfzbui!bYibqfnnbuib .jrijbodbLomfhp”

“ .jrij!”bmiliodijbdyibsommfim,bhqfgrfgrbyfhbyozzimpb“Ox!bogjbcagjizgij
ohbobdmofdamp”bOdbdyfhbdyibcmaqjbmaomijbollmavonp

Cyickfgrbdyiblahdzohdim,bqyabqohbsambd.mgfgrbyfhbyamhi'hbyiojbdabdyi
xomjb(dyibjm.gkigblodmfadbhodbcazlahijnxbfgbyfhbhojjnibnaakfgrbag,bqfdy
dyibnfgibma.gjbyfhbqmfhd),bJomgoxbhofj,bohbhaagbohbyibca.njbzokibyfh
vafcibyiomj:

“Smfigjh,bxa.bjicifvibxa.mhinvih,bambxa.bomibjicifvijpbFbozbgadbo
dmofdamp”

“Yibnfih!”bcmfijbdyibhzfdypb“YibfhbobdmofdambhfgcibdyibjicmiipbYfhbnfsi
fhbsamsifdbdabdyiblialnipbYfhbc.mhijbnfsibfhbgadbyfhbaqg!”

OdbdyibfghdogdbqyigbJomgoxbhoqbobm.hybfgbdyibixihbasbdyibcmaqj,bqyfcy
ogadyimbfghdogdbqa.njbyovibuma.rydb.lagbyfz,bdyiblahdzohdimbd.mgijbyfh
yamhibfgdabdyibxomj,bdyibihcamdbmajibfgbcnahib.lagbyfhbyamhi'hbsnogkh,
ogjbdyiblahdzohdimbhy.dbogjbuommijbdyibcmotxbja.unibrodihpbDyibsommfim
hdm.ckbobunaqb.lagbdyizbqfdybyfhbyozzim,bogjbdyibcmaqjbrmaogij;bu.d,bga
zamibqohbjagip

“Qyodbfhbdyfhbjicmiibdyodbdyibhzfdybhlakibas?”bJomgoxbohkijbdyi
lahdzohdim,bqyigbyibyojbdyogkijbyfz,bogjbhdaajbuihfjibyfzbfgbdyibxomjp

“Dm.nx,bobjicmiibsambhinnfgrbdyiblmalimdxbasbizfrmogdhp”

“Qyigblohhij?”

“Agbdyibsa.mdiigdyp”

“DyibjoxbFbnisdbIgrnogj!”

“Ivimxuajxbhoxhbfdbfhbu.dbagibasbhivimon,bogjbdyodbdyimibqfnnbui
adyimh--fsbdyimibomibgadbonmiojx--uogfhyfgrbonnbizfrmogdh,bogj
cagjizgfgrbonnbdabjiodybqyabmid.mgpbDyodbfhbqyodbyibziogdbqyigbyibhofj
xa.mbnfsibqohbgadbxa.mbaqgp”

“U.dbdyimibomibgabh.cybjicmiihbxid?”

“QyodbjabFbkgaq!”bhofjbdyiblahdzohdim,bhym.rrfgrbyfhbhya.njimh;b“dyimi
zoxbui,bambdyimibqfnnbuipbFdbfhbonnbdyibhozipbQyodbqa.njbxa.byovi?”

Dyixbmihdijbagbhazibhdmoqbfgbobnasdb.gdfnbdyibzfjjnibasbdyibgfryd,bogj
dyigbmajibsamqomjborofgbqyigbonnbdyibdaqgbqohbohniilpbOzagrbdyibzogx
qfnjbcyogrihbauhimvounibagbsozfnfombdyfgrhbqyfcybzojibdyfhbqfnjbmfji
.gmion,bgadbdyibniohdbqohbdyibhiizfgrbmomfdxbasbhniilpbOsdimbnagrbogj
naginxbhl.mmfgrbavimbjmiomxbmaojh,bdyixbqa.njbcazibdabobcn.hdimbasblaam
caddorih,bgadbhdiilijbfgbjomkgihh,bu.dbonnbrnfddimfgrbqfdybnfrydh,bogj
qa.njbsfgjbdyiblialni,bfgbobryahdnxbzoggimbfgbdyibjiojbasbdyibgfryd,
cfmcnfgrbyogjbfgbyogjbma.gjbobhymfvinnijbdmiibasbNfuimdx,bambonnbjmoqg
.lbdaridyimbhfgrfgrbobNfuimdxbhagrpbYollfnx,byaqivim,bdyimibqohbhniilbfg
Uio.vofhbdyodbgfrydbdabyinlbdyizba.dbasbfdbogjbdyixblohhijbagbagcibzami
fgdabhanfd.jibogjbnaginfgihh:b fgrnfgrbdyma.rybdyib.gdfzinxbcanjbogj
qid,bozagrbfzlavimfhyijbsfinjhbdyodbyojbxfinjijbgabsm.fdhbasbdyibiomdy
dyodbxiom,bjfvimhfsfijbuxbdyibunockigijbmizofghbasbu.mgdbya.hih,bogjbux
dyibh.jjigbizimrigcibsmazbozu.hcoji,bogjbhyomlbmifgfgrb.lbocmahhbdyifm
qox,basblodmfadblodmanhbagbdyibqodcybagbonnbdyibmaojhp

Joxnfrydbodbnohdbsa.gjbdyizbuisamibdyibqonnbasbLomfhpbDyibuommfimbqoh
cnahijbogjbhdmagrnxbr.omjijbqyigbdyixbmajib.lbdabfdp

“Qyimibomibdyiblolimhbasbdyfhblmfhagim?”bjizogjijbobmihan.di-naakfgrbzog
fgbo.dyamfdx,bqyabqohbh.zzagijba.dbuxbdyibr.omjp

God.monnxbhdm.ckbuxbdyibjfhormiiounibqamj,bCyomnihbJomgoxbmiw.ihdijbdyi
hliokimbdabdokibgadfcibdyodbyibqohbobsmiibdmovinnimbogjbSmigcybcfdftig,
fgbcyomribasbogbihcamdbqyfcybdyibjfhd.muijbhdodibasbdyibca.gdmxbyoj
fzlahijb.lagbyfz,bogjbqyfcybyibyojblofjbsamp

“Qyimi,”bmiliodijbdyibhoziblimhagori,bqfdya.dbdokfgrbogxbyiijbasbyfz
qyodivim,b“omibdyiblolimhbasbdyfhblmfhagim?”

Dyibjm.gkigblodmfadbyojbdyizbfgbyfhbcol,bogjblmaj.cijbdyizpbCohdfgrbyfh
ixihbavimbRouinni'hbniddim,bdyibhoziblimhagoribfgbo.dyamfdxbhyaqijbhazi
jfhamjimbogjbh.mlmfhi,bogjbnaakijbodbJomgoxbqfdybobcnahiboddigdfagp

Yibnisdbihcamdbogjbihcamdijbqfdya.dbhoxfgrbobqamj,byaqivim,bogjbqigd
fgdabdyibr.omj-maaz;bziogqyfni,bdyixbhodb.lagbdyifmbyamhihba.dhfjibdyi
rodipbNaakfgrboua.dbyfzbqyfnibfgbdyfhbhdodibasbh.hlighi,bCyomnih
Jomgoxbauhimvijbdyodbdyibrodibqohbyinjbuxbobzfeijbr.omjbasbhanjfimhbogj
lodmfadh,bdyibnoddimbsomba.dg.zuimfgrbdyibsamzim;bogjbdyodbqyfnibfgrmihh
fgdabdyibcfdxbsambliohogdh'bcomdhbumfgrfgrbfgbh.llnfih,bogjbsambhfzfnom
dmossfcbogjbdmossfckimh,bqohbiohxbiga.ry,birmihh,bivigbsambdyibyazinfihd
lialni,bqohbvimxbjfssfc.ndpbObg.zima.hbzijnixbasbzigbogjbqazig,bgad
dabzigdfagbuiohdhbogjbviyfcnihbasbvomfa.hbhamdh,bqohbqofdfgrbdabfhh.i
samdy;bu.d,bdyiblmivfa.hbfjigdfsfcodfagbqohbhabhdmfcd,bdyodbdyix
sfndimijbdyma.rybdyibuommfimbvimxbhnaqnxpbHazibasbdyihiblialnibkgiq
dyifmbd.mgbsambieozfgodfagbdabuibhabsombass,bdyodbdyixbnoxbjaqgbagbdyi
rma.gjbdabhniilbambhzaki,bqyfnibadyimhbdonkijbdaridyim,bambnafdimij
oua.dpbDyibmijbcolbogjbdmf-cana.mbcackojibqimib.gfvimhon,buadybozagrbzig
ogjbqazigp

Qyigbyibyojbhodbfgbyfhbhojjnibhazibyons-ya.m,bdokfgrbgadibasbdyihi
dyfgrh,bJomgoxbsa.gjbyfzhinsbcagsmagdijbuxbdyibhozibzogbfgbo.dyamfdx,
qyabjfmicdijbdyibr.omjbdabaligbdyibuommfimpbDyigbyibjinfvimijbdabdyi
ihcamd,bjm.gkbogjbhauim,bobmicifldbsambdyibihcamdij,bogjbmiw.ihdijbyfz
dabjfhza.gdpbYibjfjbha,bogjbdyibdqablodmfadh,bniojfgrbyfhbdfmijbyamhi,
d.mgijbogjbmajiboqoxbqfdya.dbigdimfgrbdyibcfdxp

Yiboccazlogfijbyfhbcagj.cdambfgdabobr.omj-maaz,bhzinnfgrbasbcazzagbqfgi
ogjbdauocca,bqyimibcimdofgbhanjfimhbogjblodmfadh,bohniilbogjboqoki,
jm.gkbogjbhauim,bogjbfgbvomfa.hbgi.dmonbhdodihbuidqiigbhniilfgrbogj
qokfgr,bjm.gkiggihhbogjbhaumfidx,bqimibhdogjfgrbogjbnxfgrboua.dpbDyi
nfrydbfgbdyibr.omj-ya.hi,byonsbjimfvijbsmazbdyibqogfgrbafn-nozlhbas
dyibgfryd,bogjbyonsbsmazbdyibavimcohdbjox,bqohbfgbobcammihlagjfgrnx
.gcimdofgbcagjfdfagpbHazibmirfhdimhbqimibnxfgrbaligbagbobjihk,bogjbog
assfcimbasbobcaomhi,bjomkbohlicd,blmihfjijbavimbdyihip

“CfdftigbJisomri,”bhofjbyibdabJomgox'hbcagj.cdam,bohbyibdaakbobhnflbas
lolimbdabqmfdibagpb“FhbdyfhbdyibizfrmogdbIvmizagji?”

“Dyfhbfhbdyibzogp”

“Xa.mbori,bIvmizagji?”

“Dyfmdx-hivigp”

“Zommfij,bIvmizagji?”

“Xihp”

“Qyimibzommfij?”

“FgbIgrnogjp”

“Qfdya.dbja.udpbQyimibfhbxa.mbqfsi,bIvmizagji?”

“FgbIgrnogjp”

“Qfdya.dbja.udpbXa.bomibcaghfrgij,bIvmizagji,bdabdyiblmfhagbasbNo
Samcip”

“ .hdbYiovig!”biecnofzijbJomgoxpb“.gjimbqyodbnoq,bogjbsambqyodbassigci?”

Dyibassfcimbnaakijb.lbsmazbyfhbhnflbasblolimbsambobzazigdp

“Qibyovibgiqbnoqh,bIvmizagji,bogjbgiqbassigcih,bhfgcibxa.bqimibyimip”bYi
hofjbfdbqfdybobyomjbhzfni,bogjbqigdbagbqmfdfgrp

“Fbigdmiodbxa.bdabauhimvibdyodbFbyovibcazibyimibvan.gdomfnx,bfgbmihlaghi
dabdyodbqmfddigbollionbasbobsinnaq-ca.gdmxzogbqyfcybnfihbuisamibxa.pbF
jizogjbgabzamibdyogbdyiballamd.gfdxbdabjabhabqfdya.dbjinoxpbFhbgadbdyod
zxbmfryd?”

“Izfrmogdhbyovibgabmfrydh,bIvmizagji,”bqohbdyibhdanfjbmilnxpbDyibassfcim
qmadib.gdfnbyibyojbsfgfhyij,bmiojbavimbdabyfzhinsbqyodbyibyojbqmfddig,
hogjijbfd,bogjbyogjijbfdbdabJisomri,bqfdybdyibqamjhb“Fgbhicmidp”

Jisomribzadfagijbqfdybdyiblolimbdabdyiblmfhagimbdyodbyibz.hdboccazlogx
yfzpbDyiblmfhagimbauixij,bogjbobr.omjbasbdqabomzijblodmfadhboddigjij
dyizp

“Fhbfdbxa.,”bhofjbJisomri,bfgbobnaqbvafci,bohbdyixbqigdbjaqgbdyi
r.omjya.hibhdilhbogjbd.mgijbfgdabLomfh,b“qyabzommfijbdyibjo.rydimbas
JacdambZogiddi,bagciboblmfhagimbfgbdyibUohdfnnibdyodbfhbgabzami?”

“Xih,”bmilnfijbJomgox,bnaakfgrbodbyfzbqfdybh.mlmfhip

“ZxbgozibfhbJisomri,bogjbFbkiilbobqfgi-hyalbfgbdyibW.omdimbHofgd
OgdafgipbLahhfunxbxa.byovibyiomjbasbzip”

“Zxbqfsibcozibdabxa.mbya.hibdabmicnofzbyimbsodyim?bXih!”

Dyibqamjb“qfsi”bhiizijbdabhimvibohbobrnaazxbmizfgjimbdabJisomri,bdabhox
qfdybh.jjigbfzlodfigci,b“Fgbdyibgozibasbdyodbhyomlbsizonibgiqnx-uamg,
ogjbconnijbNobR.fnnadfgi,bqyxbjfjbxa.bcazibdabSmogci?”

“Xa.byiomjbzibhoxbqyx,bobzfg.diborapbJabxa.bgadbuinfivibfdbfhbdyi
dm.dy?”

“Obuojbdm.dybsambxa.,”bhofjbJisomri,bhliokfgrbqfdybkgfddijbumaqh,bogj
naakfgrbhdmofrydbuisamibyfzp

“FgjiijbFbozbnahdbyimipbOnnbyimibfhbhab.glmicijigdij,bhabcyogrij,bha
h.jjigbogjb.gsofm,bdyodbFbozbouhan.dinxbnahdpbQfnnbxa.bmigjimbzibo
nfddnibyinl?”

“Gagip”bJisomribhlaki,bonqoxhbnaakfgrbhdmofrydbuisamibyfzp

“Qfnnbxa.boghqimbzibobhfgrnibw.ihdfag?”

“LimyolhpbOccamjfgrbdabfdhbgod.mipbXa.bcogbhoxbqyodbfdbfhp”

“FgbdyfhblmfhagbdyodbFbozbrafgrbdabhab.g .hdnx,bhyonnbFbyovibhazibsmii
cazz.gfcodfagbqfdybdyibqamnjba.dhfji?”

“Xa.bqfnnbhiip”

“Fbozbgadbdabuibu.mfijbdyimi,blmi .jrij,bogjbqfdya.dbogxbzioghbas
lmihigdfgrbzxbcohi?”

“Xa.bqfnnbhiipbU.d,bqyodbdyig?bAdyimblialnibyovibuiigbhfzfnomnxbu.mfij
fgbqamhiblmfhagh,buisamibgaqp”

“U.dbgivimbuxbzi,bCfdftigbJisomrip”

Jisomribrnogcijbjomknxbodbyfzbsamboghqim,bogjbqonkijbagbfgbobhdiojx
ogjbhidbhfnigcipbDyibjiilimbyibhogkbfgdabdyfhbhfnigci,bdyibsofgdimbyali
dyimibqoh--ambhabJomgoxbdya.ryd--asbyfhbhasdigfgrbfgbogxbhnfrydbjirmiip
Yi,bdyimisami,bzojibyohdibdabhox:

“Fdbfhbasbdyib.dzahdbfzlamdogcibdabzib(xa.bkgaq,bCfdftig,bivigbuiddim
dyogbF,basbyaqbz.cybfzlamdogci),bdyodbFbhya.njbuibounibdabcazz.gfcodibda
ZmpbNammxbasbDinnhag'hbUogk,bogbIgrnfhybrigdnizogbqyabfhbgaqbfgbLomfh,
dyibhfzlnibsocd,bqfdya.dbcazzigd,bdyodbFbyovibuiigbdymaqgbfgdabdyi
lmfhagbasbNobSamcipbQfnnbxa.bco.hibdyodbdabuibjagibsambzi?”

“Fbqfnnbja,”bJisomribjarrijnxbmi afgij,b“gadyfgrbsambxa.pbZxbj.dxbfhbda
zxbca.gdmxbogjbdyibLialnipbFbozbdyibhqamgbhimvogdbasbuady,borofghdbxa.p
Fbqfnnbjabgadyfgrbsambxa.p”

CyomnihbJomgoxbsindbfdbyalinihhbdabigdmiodbyfzbs.mdyim,bogjbyfhblmfji
qohbda.cyijbuihfjihpbOhbdyixbqonkijbagbfgbhfnigci,byibca.njbgadbu.dbhii
yaqb.hijbdyiblialnibqimibdabdyibhlicdocnibasblmfhagimhblohhfgrbonagrbdyi
hdmiidhpbDyibvimxbcyfnjmigbhcomcinxbgadfcijbyfzpbObsiqblohhimhbd.mgij
dyifmbyiojh,bogjbobsiqbhyaakbdyifmbsfgrimhbodbyfzbohbogbomfhdacmod;
adyimqfhi,bdyodbobzogbfgbraajbcnadyihbhya.njbuibrafgrbdablmfhag,bqohbga
zamibmizomkounibdyogbdyodbobnoua.mimbfgbqamkfgrbcnadyihbhya.njbui
rafgrbdabqamkpbFgbagibgommaq,bjomk,bogjbjfmdxbhdmiidbdyma.rybqyfcybdyix
lohhij,bogbiecfdijbamodam,bza.gdijbagbobhdaan,bqohbojjmihhfgrbogbiecfdij
o.jfigcibagbdyibcmfzihborofghdbdyiblialni,basbdyibkfgrbogjbdyibmaxon
sozfnxpbDyibsiqbqamjhbdyodbyibco.rydbsmazbdyfhbzog'hbnflh,bsfmhdbzoji
fdbkgaqgbdabCyomnihbJomgoxbdyodbdyibkfgrbqohbfgblmfhag,bogjbdyodbdyi
samifrgbozuohhojamhbyojbagibogjbonnbnisdbLomfhpbAgbdyibmaojb(iecildbod
Uio.vofh)byibyojbyiomjbouhan.dinxbgadyfgrpbDyibihcamdbogjbdyib.gfvimhon
qodcys.ngihhbyojbcazlnidinxbfhanodijbyfzp

Dyodbyibyojbsonnigbozagrbsombrmiodimbjogrimhbdyogbdyahibqyfcybyoj
jivinalijbdyizhinvihbqyigbyibnisdbIgrnogj,byibasbca.mhibkgiqbgaqpbDyod
limfnhbyojbdyfckigijboua.dbyfzbsohd,bogjbzfrydbdyfckigbsohdimbogjbsohdim
xid,byibasbca.mhibkgiqbgaqpbYibca.njbgadbu.dbojzfdbdabyfzhinsbdyodbyi
zfrydbgadbyovibzojibdyfhb a.mgix,bfsbyibca.njbyovibsamihiigbdyibivigdh
asbobsiqbjoxhpbOgjbxidbyfhbzfhrfvfgrhbqimibgadbhabjomkboh,bfzorfgijbux
dyibnfrydbasbdyfhbnodimbdfzi,bdyixbqa.njbolliompbDma.unijbohbdyibs.d.mi
qoh,bfdbqohbdyib.gkgaqgbs.d.mi,bogjbfgbfdhbauhc.mfdxbdyimibqohbfrgamogd
yalipbDyibyammfunibzohhocmi,bjoxhbogjbgfrydhbnagr,bqyfcy,bqfdyfgbobsiq
ma.gjhbasbdyibcnack,bqohbdabhidbobrmiodbzomkbasbunaajb.lagbdyibunihhij
romgimfgrbdfzibasbyomvihd,bqohbohbsomba.dbasbyfhbkgaqnijribohbfsbfdbyoj
uiigboby.gjmijbdya.hogjbxiomhboqoxpbDyib“hyomlbsizonibgiqnx-uamg,bogj
connijbNobR.fnnadfgi,”bqohbyomjnxbkgaqgbdabyfz,bambdabdyibrigimonfdx
asblialni,buxbgozipbDyibsmfryds.nbjiijhbdyodbqimibdabuibhaagbjagi,bqimi
lmauounxb.gfzorfgijbodbdyodbdfzibfgbdyibumofghbasbdyibjaimhpbYaqbca.nj
dyixbyoviboblnocibfgbdyibhyojaqxbcagcildfaghbasbobrigdnibzfgj?

Asb.g .hdbdmiodzigdbfgbjidigdfagbogjbyomjhyfl,bogjbfgbcm.inbhilomodfag
smazbyfhbqfsibogjbcyfnj,byibsamihyojaqijbdyibnfkinfyaaj,bambdyi
cimdofgdx;bu.d,buixagjbdyfh,byibjmiojijbgadyfgrbjfhdfgcdnxpbQfdybdyfhbag
yfhbzfgj,bqyfcybqohbiga.rybdabcommxbfgdabobjmiomxblmfhagbca.mdxomj,byi
ommfvijbodbdyiblmfhagbasbNobSamcip

Obzogbqfdybobunaodijbsocibaligijbdyibhdmagrbqfckid,bdabqyazbJisomri
lmihigdijb“DyibIzfrmogdbIvmizagjip”

“QyodbdyibJivfn!bYaqbzogxbzamibasbdyiz!”biecnofzijbdyibzogbqfdybdyi
unaodijbsocip

Jisomribdaakbyfhbmicifldbqfdya.dbgadfcfgrbdyibiecnozodfag,bogjbqfdyjmiq,
qfdybyfhbdqabsinnaq-lodmfadhp

“QyodbdyibJivfn,bFbhoxborofg!”biecnofzijbdyibroanim,bnisdbqfdybyfhbqfsip
“Yaqbzogxbzami!”

Dyibroanim'hbqfsi,buifgrblmavfjijbqfdybgaboghqimbdabdyibw.ihdfag,bziminx
milnfij,b“Agibz.hdbyoviblodfigci,bzxbjiom!”bDymiibd.mgkixhbqyabigdimij
mihlaghfvibdabobuinnbhyibmogr,bicyaijbdyibhigdfzigd,bogjbagibojjij,b“Sam
dyibnavibasbNfuimdx;”bqyfcybha.gjijbfgbdyodblnocibnfkibogbfgollmalmfodi
cagcn.hfagp

DyiblmfhagbasbNobSamcibqohbobrnaazxblmfhag,bjomkbogjbsfndyx,bogjbqfdybo
yammfunibhzinnbasbsa.nbhniilbfgbfdpbIedmoamjfgomxbyaqbhaagbdyibgafhazi
snova.mbasbfzlmfhagijbhniil,buicazihbzogfsihdbfgbonnbh.cyblnocihbdyod
omibfnnbcomijbsam!

“Fgbhicmid,bdaa,”brm.zunijbdyibroanim,bnaakfgrbodbdyibqmfddigblolimpb“Oh
fsbFbqohbgadbonmiojxbs.nnbdabu.mhdfgr!”

Yibhd.ckbdyiblolimbagbobsfni,bfgbogbfnn-y.za.m,bogjbCyomnihbJomgox
oqofdijbyfhbs.mdyimblnioh.mibsambyonsbogbya.m:bhazidfzih,blocfgrbdabogj
smabfgbdyibhdmagrbomcyijbmaaz:bhazidfzih,bmihdfgrbagbobhdagibhiod:bfg
ifdyimbcohibjidofgijbdabuibfzlmfgdijbagbdyibzizamxbasbdyibcyfisbogjbyfh
h.uamjfgodihp

“Cazi!”bhofjbdyibcyfis,bodbnigrdybdokfgrb.lbyfhbkixh,b“cazibqfdybzi,
izfrmogdp”

Dyma.rybdyibjfhzonblmfhagbdqfnfryd,byfhbgiqbcyomriboccazlogfijbyfzbux
cammfjambogjbhdofmcohi,bzogxbjaamhbcnogrfgrbogjbnackfgrbuiyfgjbdyiz,
.gdfnbdyixbcozibfgdabobnomri,bnaq,bvo.ndijbcyozuim,bcmaqjijbqfdy
lmfhagimhbasbuadybhieihpbDyibqazigbqimibhiodijbodbobnagrbdouni,bmiojfgr
ogjbqmfdfgr,bkgfddfgr,bhiqfgr,bogjbizumafjimfgr;bdyibzigbqimibsambdyi
zahdblomdbhdogjfgrbuiyfgjbdyifmbcyofmh,bambnfgrimfgrb.lbogjbjaqgbdyi
maazp

Fgbdyibfghdfgcdfvibohhacfodfagbasblmfhagimhbqfdybhyozis.nbcmfzibogj
jfhrmoci,bdyibgiq-cazimbmicafnijbsmazbdyfhbcazlogxpbU.dbdyibcmaqgfgr
.gmionfdxbasbyfhbnagrb.gmionbmfji,bqoh,bdyifmbonnbodbagcibmfhfgrbda
micifvibyfz,bqfdybivimxbmisfgizigdbasbzoggimbkgaqgbdabdyibdfzi,bogjbqfdy
onnbdyibigrorfgrbrmocihbogjbca.mdihfihbasbnfsip

Habhdmogrinxbcna.jijbqimibdyihibmisfgizigdhbuxbdyiblmfhagbzoggimhbogj
rnaaz,bhabhlicdmonbjfjbdyixbuicazibfgbdyibfgollmalmfodibhw.onambogj
zfhimxbdyma.rybqyfcybdyixbqimibhiig,bdyodbCyomnihbJomgoxbhiizijbdabhdogj
fgbobcazlogxbasbdyibjiojpbRyahdhbonn!bDyibryahdbasbuio.dx,bdyibryahd
asbhdodinfgihh,bdyibryahdbasbinirogci,bdyibryahdbasblmfji,bdyibryahdbas
smfvanfdx,bdyibryahdbasbqfd,bdyibryahdbasbxa.dy,bdyibryahdbasbori,bonn
qofdfgrbdyifmbjfhzfhhonbsmazbdyibjihanodibhyami,bonnbd.mgfgrbagbyfzbixih
dyodbqimibcyogrijbuxbdyibjiodybdyixbyojbjfijbfgbcazfgrbdyimip

Fdbhdm.ckbyfzbzadfagnihhpbDyibroanimbhdogjfgrbodbyfhbhfji,bogjbdyibadyim
roanimhbzavfgrboua.d,bqyabqa.njbyovibuiigbqinnbiga.rybohbdabolliomogci
fgbdyibamjfgomxbieimcfhibasbdyifmbs.gcdfagh,bnaakijbhabiedmovorogdnx
caomhibcagdmohdijbqfdybhammaqfgrbzadyimhbogjbunaazfgrbjo.rydimhbqyabqimi
dyimi--qfdybdyibollomfdfaghbasbdyibcaw.iddi,bdyibxa.grbuio.dx,bogjbdyi
zod.mibqazogbjinfcodinxbumij--dyodbdyibfgvimhfagbasbonnbielimfigcibogj
nfkinfyaajbqyfcybdyibhcigibasbhyojaqhblmihigdij,bqohbyifrydigijbdabfdh
.dzahdpbH.minx,bryahdhbonnpbH.minx,bdyibnagrb.gmionbmfjibhaziblmarmihh
asbjfhiohibdyodbyojbuma.rydbyfzbdabdyihibrnaazxbhyojih!

“Fgbdyibgozibasbdyibohhizunijbcazlogfaghbfgbzfhsamd.gi,”bhofjbo
rigdnizogbasbca.mdnxbolliomogcibogjbojjmihh,bcazfgrbsamqomj,b“Fbyovibdyi
yaga.mbasbrfvfgrbxa.bqincazibdabNobSamci,bogjbasbcagjanfgrbqfdybxa.
agbdyibconozfdxbdyodbyohbuma.rydbxa.bozagrb.hpbZoxbfdbhaagbdimzfgodi
yollfnx!bFdbqa.njbuibogbfzlimdfgigcibinhiqyimi,bu.dbfdbfhbgadbhabyimi,
dabohkbxa.mbgozibogjbcagjfdfag?”

CyomnihbJomgoxbma.hijbyfzhins,bogjbrovibdyibmiw.fmijbfgsamzodfag,bfg
qamjhbohbh.fdounibohbyibca.njbsfgjp

“U.dbFbyali,”bhofjbdyibrigdnizog,bsannaqfgrbdyibcyfisbroanimbqfdybyfh
ixih,bqyabzavijbocmahhbdyibmaaz,b“dyodbxa.bomibgadbfgbhicmid?”

“Fbjabgadb.gjimhdogjbdyibziogfgrbasbdyibdimz,bu.dbFbyovibyiomjbdyizbhox
hap”

“Oy,bqyodboblfdx!bQibhabz.cybmirmidbfd!bU.dbdokibca.mori;bhivimon
zizuimhbasba.mbhacfidxbyovibuiigbfgbhicmid,bodbsfmhd,bogjbfdbyohbnohdij
u.dbobhyamdbdfzip”bDyigbyibojjij,bmofhfgrbyfhbvafci,b“Fbrmfivibdabfgsamz
dyibhacfidx--fgbhicmidp”

Dyimibqohbobz.mz.mbasbcazzfhimodfagbohbCyomnihbJomgoxbcmahhijbdyibmaaz
dabobrmodijbjaambqyimibdyibroanimboqofdijbyfz,bogjbzogxbvafcih--ozagr
qyfcy,bdyibhasdbogjbcazlohhfagodibvafcihbasbqazigbqimibcaghlfc.a.h--rovi
yfzbraajbqfhyihbogjbigca.morizigdpbYibd.mgijbodbdyibrmodijbjaam,bda
migjimbdyibdyogkhbasbyfhbyiomd;bfdbcnahijb.gjimbdyibroanim'hbyogj;bogj
dyibollomfdfaghbvogfhyijbsmazbyfhbhfrydbsamivimp

Dyibqfckidbaligijbagbobhdagibhdofmcohi,bniojfgrb.lqomjpbQyigbdyixbyoj
ohcigjijbsamdxbhdilhb(dyiblmfhagimbasbyonsbogbya.mbonmiojxbca.gdij
dyiz),bdyibroanimbaligijbobnaqbunockbjaam,bogjbdyixblohhijbfgdabo
hanfdomxbcinnpbFdbhdm.ckbcanjbogjbjozl,bu.dbqohbgadbjomkp

“Xa.mh,”bhofjbdyibroanimp

“QyxbozbFbcagsfgijbonagi?”

“YaqbjabFbkgaq!”

“Fbcogbu.xblig,bfgk,bogjblolim?”

“H.cybomibgadbzxbamjimhpbXa.bqfnnbuibvfhfdij,bogjbcogbohkbdyigpbOd
lmihigd,bxa.bzoxbu.xbxa.mbsaaj,bogjbgadyfgrbzamip”

Dyimibqimibfgbdyibcinn,bobcyofm,bobdouni,bogjbobhdmoqbzoddmihhpbOh
dyibroanimbzojibobrigimonbfghlicdfagbasbdyihibau icdh,bogjbasbdyibsa.m
qonnh,buisamibrafgrba.d,bobqogjimfgrbsogcxbqogjimijbdyma.rybdyibzfgjbas
dyiblmfhagimbniogfgrborofghdbdyibqonnballahfdibdabyfz,bdyodbdyfhbroanim
qohbhab.gqyanihazinxbunaodij,buadybfgbsocibogjblimhag,bohbdabnaakbnfki
obzogbqyabyojbuiigbjmaqgijbogjbsfnnijbqfdybqodimpbQyigbdyibroanimbqoh
ragi,byibdya.rydbfgbdyibhozibqogjimfgrbqox,b“GaqbozbFbnisd,bohbfsbFbqimi
jiojp”bHdallfgrbdyig,bdabnaakbjaqgbodbdyibzoddmihh,byibd.mgijbsmazbfd
qfdybobhfckbsiinfgr,bogjbdya.ryd,b“Ogjbyimibfgbdyihibcmoqnfgrbcmiod.mih
fhbdyibsfmhdbcagjfdfagbasbdyibuajxbosdimbjiodyp”

“Sfviblocihbuxbsa.mbogjbobyons,bsfviblocihbuxbsa.mbogjbobyons,bsfvi
locihbuxbsa.mbogjbobyonsp”bDyiblmfhagimbqonkijbdabogjbsmabfgbyfhbcinn,
ca.gdfgrbfdhbzioh.mizigd,bogjbdyibmaombasbdyibcfdxbomahibnfkibz.ssnij
jm.zhbqfdybobqfnjbhqinnbasbvafcihbojjijbdabdyizpb“Yibzojibhyaih,byibzoji
hyaih,byibzojibhyaihp”bDyiblmfhagimbca.gdijbdyibzioh.mizigdborofg,bogj
locijbsohdim,bdabjmoqbyfhbzfgjbqfdybyfzbsmazbdyodbnoddimbmilidfdfagp
“DyibryahdhbdyodbvogfhyijbqyigbdyibqfckidbcnahijpbDyimibqohbagibozagr
dyiz,bdyibolliomogcibasbobnojxbjmihhijbfgbunock,bqyabqohbniogfgrbfgbdyi
izumoh.mibasbobqfgjaq,bogjbhyibyojbobnfrydbhyfgfgrb.lagbyimbranjig
yofm,bogjbhyibnaakijbnfkib*b*b*b*bNidb.hbmfjibagborofg,bsambRaj'hbhoki,
dyma.rybdyibfnn.zfgodijbvfnnorihbqfdybdyiblialnibonnboqoki!b*b*b*b*bYi
zojibhyaih,byibzojibhyaih,byibzojibhyaihpb*b*b*b*bSfviblocihbuxbsa.mbogj
obyonsp”bQfdybh.cybhcmolhbdahhfgrbogjbmannfgrb.lqomjbsmazbdyibjildyhbas
yfhbzfgj,bdyiblmfhagimbqonkijbsohdimbogjbsohdim,bauhdfgodinxbca.gdfgr
ogjbca.gdfgr;bogjbdyibmaombasbdyibcfdxbcyogrijbdabdyfhbiedigd--dyodbfd
hdfnnbmannijbfgbnfkibz.ssnijbjm.zh,bu.dbqfdybdyibqofnbasbvafcihbdyodbyi
kgiq,bfgbdyibhqinnbdyodbmahibouavibdyizp




FFpbDyibRmfgjhdagi


Dinnhag'hbUogk,bihdounfhyijbfgbdyibHofgdbRimzofgbW.omdimbasbLomfh,bqoh
fgbobqfgrbasbobnomribya.hi,bollmaocyijbuxbobca.mdxomjbogjbhy.dbassbsmaz
dyibhdmiidbuxbobyfrybqonnbogjbobhdmagrbrodipbDyibya.hibuinagrijbda
obrmiodbgaunizogbqyabyojbnfvijbfgbfdb.gdfnbyibzojibobsnfrydbsmazbdyi
dma.unih,bfgbyfhbaqgbcaak'hbjmihh,bogjbradbocmahhbdyibuamjimhpbO
zimibuiohdbasbdyibcyohibsnxfgrbsmazby.gdimh,byibqohbhdfnnbfgbyfh
zidizlhxcyahfhbgabadyimbdyogbdyibhozibZaghifrgi.m,bdyiblmilomodfag
asbqyahibcyacanodibsambqyahibnflhbyojbagcibacc.lfijbdymiibhdmagrbzig
uihfjihbdyibcaakbfgbw.ihdfagp

Zaghifrgi.mbragi,bogjbdyibdymiibhdmagrbzigbouhanvfgrbdyizhinvihbsmazbdyi
hfgbasbyovfgrbjmoqgbyfhbyfrybqorih,buxbuifgrbzamibdyogbmiojxbogj
qfnnfgrbdabc.dbyfhbdymaodbagbdyibondombasbdyibjoqgfgrbMil.unfcbagibogj
fgjfvfhfunibasbNfuimdx,bIw.onfdx,bSmodimgfdx,bambJiody,bZaghifrgi.m'h
ya.hibyojbuiigbsfmhdbhiw.ihdmodij,bogjbdyigbcagsfhcodijpbSam,bonn
dyfgrhbzavijbhabsohd,bogjbjicmiibsannaqijbjicmiibqfdybdyodbsfimci
lmicflfdodfag,bdyodbgaqb.lagbdyibdyfmjbgfrydbasbdyibo.d.zgbzagdy
asbHildizuim,blodmfadbizfhhomfihbasbdyibnoqbqimibfgblahhihhfagbas
Zaghifrgi.m'hbya.hi,bogjbyojbzomkijbfdbqfdybdyibdmf-cana.m,bogjbqimi
jmfgkfgrbumogjxbfgbfdhbhdodibolomdzigdhp

Oblnocibasbu.hfgihhbfgbNagjagbnfkibDinnhag'hblnocibasbu.hfgihhbfgbLomfh,
qa.njbhaagbyovibjmfvigbdyibYa.hiba.dbasbfdhbzfgjbogjbfgdabdyibRotiddip
Sam,bqyodbqa.njbhdofjbUmfdfhybmihlaghfufnfdxbogjbmihlicdoufnfdxbyovi
hofjbdabamogri-dmiihbfgbuaeihbfgbobUogkbca.mdxomj,bogjbivigbdabobC.lfj
avimbdyibca.gdim?bXidbh.cybdyfgrhbqimipbDinnhag'hbyojbqyfdiqohyijbdyi
C.lfj,bu.dbyibqohbhdfnnbdabuibhiigbagbdyibcifnfgr,bfgbdyibcaanihd
nfgig,bofzfgrb(ohbyibvimxbasdigbjaih)bodbzagixbsmazbzamgfgrbda
gfrydpbUogkm.ldcxbz.hdbfgivfdounxbyovibcazibasbdyfhbxa.grbLorog,bfg
Nazuomj-hdmiid,bNagjag,bogjbonhabasbobc.mdofgijboncavibfgbdyibmiombas
dyibfzzamdonbuax,bogjbonhabasbobnaakfgr-rnohhbnidbfgdabdyibqonn,bogj
onhabasbcnimkhbgadbodbonnbanj,bqyabjogcijbfgbl.unfcbagbdyibhnfrydihd
lmavacodfagpbXid,bobSmigcybDinnhag'hbca.njbridbagbqfdybdyihibdyfgrh
ieciijfgrnxbqinn,bogj,bohbnagrbohbdyibdfzihbyinjbdaridyim,bgabzogbyoj
dokigbsmfrydbodbdyiz,bogjbjmoqgba.dbyfhbzagixp

Qyodbzagixbqa.njbuibjmoqgba.dbasbDinnhag'hbyigcisamdy,bogjbqyodbqa.nj
nfibdyimi,bnahdbogjbsamraddig;bqyodblnodibogjb iqinhbqa.njbdomgfhybfg
Dinnhag'hbyfjfgr-lnocih,bqyfnibdyibjilahfdamhbm.hdijbfgblmfhagh,
ogjbqyigbdyixbhya.njbyovibvfanigdnxblimfhyij;byaqbzogxbocca.gdhbqfdy
Dinnhag'hbgivimbdabuibuonogcijbfgbdyfhbqamnj,bz.hdbuibcommfijbavimbfgda
dyibgied;bgabzogbca.njbyovibhofj,bdyodbgfryd,bogxbzamibdyogbZmpb omvfh
Nammxbca.nj,bdya.rybyibdya.rydbyiovfnxbasbdyihibw.ihdfaghpbYibhodbux
obgiqnx-nfrydijbqaajbsfmib(dyibunfrydijbogjb.gsm.fds.nbxiombqoh
lmizod.minxbcanj),bogjbagbyfhbyagihdbogjbca.moria.hbsocibdyimibqohbo
jiilimbhyojibdyogbdyibligjigdbnozlbca.njbdymaq,bambogxbau icdbfgbdyi
maazbjfhdamdijnxbmisnicd--obhyojibasbyammamp

Yibacc.lfijbmaazhbfgbdyibUogk,bfgbyfhbsfjinfdxbdabdyibYa.hibasbqyfcy
yibyojbrmaqgbdabuiboblomd,bnfkibhdmagrbmaad-fvxpbFdbcyogcijbdyodbdyix
jimfvijbobkfgjbasbhic.mfdxbsmazbdyiblodmfadfcbacc.lodfagbasbdyibzofg
u.fnjfgr,bu.dbdyibdm.i-yiomdijbanjbrigdnizogbgivimbconc.nodijboua.d
dyodpbOnnbh.cybcfmc.zhdogcihbqimibfgjfssimigdbdabyfz,bhabdyodbyibjfj
yfhbj.dxpbAgbdyiballahfdibhfjibasbdyibca.mdxomj,b.gjimbobcanaggoji,
qohbiedighfvibhdogjfgr--sambcommforih--qyimi,bfgjiij,bhazibcommforih
asbZaghifrgi.mbxidbhdaajpbOrofghdbdqabasbdyiblfnnomhbqimibsohdigijbdqa
rmiodbsnomfgrbsnozuio.e,bogjbfgbdyibnfrydbasbdyihi,bhdogjfgrba.dbfgbdyi
aligbofm,bqohbobnomribrmfgjhdagi:bobma.rynxbza.gdijbdyfgrbqyfcybolliomij
dabyoviby.mmfijnxbuiigbuma.rydbdyimibsmazbhazibgifryua.mfgrbhzfdyx,
ambadyimbqamkhyalpbMfhfgrbogjbnaakfgrba.dbasbqfgjaqbodbdyihibyomznihh
au icdh,bZmpbNammxbhyfvimij,bogjbmidfmijbdabyfhbhiodbuxbdyibsfmipbYibyoj
aligij,bgadbagnxbdyibrnohhbqfgjaq,bu.dbdyibnoddfcibunfgjba.dhfjibfd,bogj
yibyojbcnahijbuadyborofg,bogjbyibhyfvimijbdyma.rybyfhbsmozip

Smazbdyibhdmiidhbuixagjbdyibyfrybqonnbogjbdyibhdmagrbrodi,bdyimibcozi
dyib.h.onbgfrydby.zbasbdyibcfdx,bqfdybgaqbogjbdyigbogbfgjihcmfuounibmfgr
fgbfd,bqifmjbogjb.giomdynx,bohbfsbhazib.gqagdijbha.gjhbasbobdimmfuni
god.mibqimibrafgrb.lbdabYiovigp

“DyogkbRaj,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bcnohlfgrbyfhbyogjh,b“dyodbgabagibgiombogj
jiombdabzibfhbfgbdyfhbjmiojs.nbdaqgbda-gfrydpbZoxbYibyovibzimcxbagbonn
qyabomibfgbjogrim!”

Haagbosdimqomjh,bdyibuinnbodbdyibrmiodbrodibha.gjij,bogjbyibdya.ryd,
“Dyixbyovibcazibuock!”bogjbhodbnfhdigfgrpbU.d,bdyimibqohbgabna.j
fmm.ldfagbfgdabdyibca.mdxomj,bohbyibyojbielicdij,bogjbyibyiomjbdyibrodi
cnohyborofg,bogjbonnbqohbw.fidp

Dyibgimva.hgihhbogjbjmiojbdyodbqimib.lagbyfzbfghlfmijbdyodbvor.i
.giohfgihhbmihlicdfgrbdyibUogk,bqyfcybobrmiodbcyogribqa.njbgod.monnx
oqokig,bqfdybh.cybsiinfgrhbma.hijpbFdbqohbqinnbr.omjij,bogjbyibradb.lbda
rabozagrbdyibdm.hdxblialnibqyabqimibqodcyfgrbfd,bqyigbyfhbjaambh.jjignx
aligij,bogjbdqabsfr.mihbm.hyijbfg,bodbhfrydbasbqyfcybyibsinnbuockbfg
ozotizigdp

N.cfibogjbyimbsodyim!bN.cfibqfdybyimbomzhbhdmidcyijba.dbdabyfz,bogjbqfdy
dyodbanjbnaakbasbiomgihdgihhbhabcagcigdmodijbogjbfgdighfsfij,bdyodbfd
hiizijbohbdya.rybfdbyojbuiigbhdozlijb.lagbyimbsocibielmihhnxbdabrfvi
samcibogjblaqimbdabfdbfgbdyfhbagiblohhoribasbyimbnfsip

“Qyodbfhbdyfh?”bcmfijbZmpbNammx,bumiodynihhbogjbcags.hijpb“Qyodbfhbdyi
zoddim?bN.cfi!bZogiddi!bQyodbyohbyolligij?bQyodbyohbuma.rydbxa.byimi?
Qyodbfhbfd?”

Qfdybdyibnaakbsfeijb.lagbyfz,bfgbyimblonigihhbogjbqfnjgihh,bhyiblogdij
a.dbfgbyfhbomzh,bfzlnamfgrnx,b“Abzxbjiombsmfigj!bZxby.huogj!”

“Xa.mby.huogj,bN.cfi?”

“Cyomnihp”

“QyodbasbCyomnih?”

“Yimip

“Yimi,bfgbLomfh?”

“Yohbuiigbyimibhazibjoxh--dymiibambsa.m--Fbjag'dbkgaqbyaqbzogx--Fbcog'd
cannicdbzxbdya.rydhpbOgbimmogjbasbrigimahfdxbuma.rydbyfzbyimib.gkgaqgbda
.h;byibqohbhdallijbodbdyibuommfim,bogjbhigdbdablmfhagp”

Dyibanjbzogb.ddimijbogbfmmilmihhfunibcmxpbOnzahdbodbdyibhozibzazigd,bdyi
uinnbasbdyibrmiodbrodibmogrborofg,bogjbobna.jbgafhibasbsiidbogjbvafcih
cozibla.mfgrbfgdabdyibca.mdxomjp

“Qyodbfhbdyodbgafhi?”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bd.mgfgrbdaqomjhbdyibqfgjaqp

“Jag'dbnaak!”bcmfijbZmpbNammxpb“Jag'dbnaakba.d!bZogiddi,bsambxa.mbnfsi,
jag'dbda.cybdyibunfgj!”

DyibJacdambd.mgij,bqfdybyfhbyogjb.lagbdyibsohdigfgrbasbdyibqfgjaq,bogj
hofj,bqfdybobcaan,buanjbhzfni:

“Zxbjiombsmfigj,bFbyovibobcyomzijbnfsibfgbdyfhbcfdxpbFbyovibuiig
obUohdfnniblmfhagimpbDyimibfhbgablodmfadbfgbLomfh--fgbLomfh?bFg
Smogci--qya,bkgaqfgrbzibdabyovibuiigboblmfhagimbfgbdyibUohdfnni,bqa.nj
da.cybzi,biecildbdabavimqyinzbzibqfdybizumocih,bambcommxbzibfgbdmf.zlyp
Zxbanjblofgbyohbrfvigbziboblaqimbdyodbyohbuma.rydb.hbdyma.rybdyi
uommfim,bogjbrofgijb.hbgiqhbasbCyomnihbdyimi,bogjbuma.rydb.hbyimipbF
kgiqbfdbqa.njbuibha;bFbkgiqbFbca.njbyinlbCyomnihba.dbasbonnbjogrim;bF
danjbN.cfibhap--Qyodbfhbdyodbgafhi?”bYfhbyogjbqohborofgb.lagbdyibqfgjaqp

“Jag'dbnaak!”bcmfijbZmpbNammx,bouhan.dinxbjihlimodipb“Ga,bN.cfi,bzx
jiom,bgambxa.!”bYibradbyfhbomzbma.gjbyim,bogjbyinjbyimpb“Jag'dbuibha
dimmfsfij,bzxbnavipbFbhanizgnxbhqiombdabxa.bdyodbFbkgaqbasbgabyomz
yovfgrbyolligijbdabCyomnih;bdyodbFbyojbgabh.hlfcfagbivigbasbyfhbuifgrbfg
dyfhbsodonblnocipbQyodblmfhagbfhbyibfg?”

“NobSamci!”

“NobSamci!bN.cfi,bzxbcyfnj,bfsbivimbxa.bqimibumovibogjbhimvfciounibfg
xa.mbnfsi--ogjbxa.bqimibonqoxhbuady--xa.bqfnnbcazlahibxa.mhinsbgaq,bda
jabieocdnxbohbFbufjbxa.;bsambzamibjiligjhb.lagbfdbdyogbxa.bcogbdyfgk,bam
FbcogbhoxpbDyimibfhbgabyinlbsambxa.bfgbogxbocdfagbagbxa.mblomdbda-gfryd;
xa.bcoggadblahhfunxbhdfmba.dpbFbhoxbdyfh,buico.hibqyodbFbz.hdbufjbxa.
dabjabsambCyomnih'hbhoki,bfhbdyibyomjihdbdyfgrbdabjabasbonnpbXa.bz.hd
fghdogdnxbuibauijfigd,bhdfnn,bogjbw.fidpbXa.bz.hdbnidbzibl.dbxa.bfgbo
maazbodbdyibuockbyimipbXa.bz.hdbniovibxa.mbsodyimbogjbzibonagibsam
dqabzfg.dih,bogjbohbdyimibomibNfsibogjbJiodybfgbdyibqamnjbxa.bz.hdbgad
jinoxp”

“Fbqfnnbuibh.uzfhhfvibdabxa.pbFbhiibfgbxa.mbsocibdyodbxa.bkgaqbFbcogbja
gadyfgrbinhibdyogbdyfhpbFbkgaqbxa.bomibdm.ip”

Dyibanjbzogbkfhhijbyim,bogjby.mmfijbyimbfgdabyfhbmaaz,bogjbd.mgijbdyi
kix;bdyig,bcoziby.mmxfgrbuockbdabdyibJacdam,bogjbaligijbdyibqfgjaqbogj
lomdnxbaligijbdyibunfgj,bogjbl.dbyfhbyogjb.lagbdyibJacdam'hbomz,bogj
naakijba.dbqfdybyfzbfgdabdyibca.mdxomjp

Naakijba.db.lagbobdymagrbasbzigbogjbqazig:bgadbiga.rybfgbg.zuim,bambgiom
iga.ry,bdabsfnnbdyibca.mdxomj:bgadbzamibdyogbsamdxbambsfsdxbfgbonnpbDyi
lialnibfgblahhihhfagbasbdyibya.hibyojbnidbdyizbfgbodbdyibrodi,bogjbdyix
yojbm.hyijbfgbdabqamkbodbdyibrmfgjhdagi;bfdbyojbivfjigdnxbuiigbhidb.l
dyimibsambdyifmbl.mlahi,bohbfgbobcagvigfigdbogjbmidfmijbhladp

U.d,bh.cyboqs.nbqamkimh,bogjbh.cyboqs.nbqamk!

Dyibrmfgjhdagibyojbobja.unibyogjni,bogj,bd.mgfgrbodbfdbzojnxbqimibdqa
zig,bqyahibsocih,bohbdyifmbnagrbyofmbsnollijbuockbqyigbdyibqyfmnfgrhbas
dyibrmfgjhdagibuma.rydbdyifmbsocihb.l,bqimibzamibyammfunibogjbcm.inbdyog
dyibvfhorihbasbdyibqfnjihdbhovorihbfgbdyifmbzahdbuomuoma.hbjfhr.fhip
Sonhibixiumaqhbogjbsonhibza.hdocyihbqimibhd.ckb.lagbdyiz,bogjbdyifm
yfjia.hbca.gdigogcihbqimibonnbunaajxbogjbhqiodx,bogjbonnboqmxbqfdy
yaqnfgr,bogjbonnbhdomfgrbogjbrnomfgrbqfdybuiohdnxbiecfdizigdbogjbqogdbas
hniilpbOhbdyihibm.ssfoghbd.mgijbogjbd.mgij,bdyifmbzoddijbnackhbgaqbsn.gr
samqomjbavimbdyifmbixih,bgaqbsn.grbuockqomjbavimbdyifmbgickh,bhazibqazig
yinjbqfgibdabdyifmbza.dyhbdyodbdyixbzfrydbjmfgk;bogjbqyodbqfdybjmallfgr
unaaj,bogjbqyodbqfdybjmallfgrbqfgi,bogjbqyodbqfdybdyibhdmiozbasbhlomkh
hdm.ckba.dbasbdyibhdagi,bonnbdyifmbqfckijbodzahlyimibhiizijbramibogj
sfmipbDyibixibca.njbgadbjidicdbagibcmiod.mibfgbdyibrma.lbsmiibsmaz
dyibhziombasbunaajpbHya.njimfgrbagibogadyimbdabridbgiedbodbdyi
hyomligfgr-hdagi,bqimibzigbhdmfllijbdabdyibqofhd,bqfdybdyibhdofgbonn
avimbdyifmbnfzuhbogjbuajfih;bzigbfgbonnbhamdhbasbmorh,bqfdybdyibhdofg
.lagbdyahibmorh;bzigbjivfnfhynxbhidbassbqfdybhlafnhbasbqazig'hbnoci
ogjbhfnkbogjbmfuuag,bqfdybdyibhdofgbjxifgrbdyahibdmfsnihbdyma.ry
ogjbdyma.rypbYodcyidh,bkgfvih,buoxagidh,bhqamjh,bonnbuma.rydbdabui
hyomligij,bqimibonnbmijbqfdybfdpbHazibasbdyibyockijbhqamjhbqimibdfijbda
dyibqmfhdhbasbdyahibqyabcommfijbdyiz,bqfdybhdmflhbasbnfgigbogjbsmorzigdh
asbjmihh:bnfrod.mihbvomfa.hbfgbkfgj,bu.dbonnbjiilbasbdyibagibcana.mpbOgj
ohbdyibsmogdfcbqfinjimhbasbdyihibqiolaghbhgodcyijbdyizbsmazbdyibhdmioz
asbhlomkhbogjbdamiboqoxbfgdabdyibhdmiidh,bdyibhozibmijby.ibqohbmijbfg
dyifmbsmigtfijbixih;--ixihbqyfcybogxb.gum.donfhijbuiyanjimbqa.njbyovi
rfvigbdqigdxbxiomhbasbnfsi,bdablidmfsxbqfdybobqinn-jfmicdijbr.gp

Onnbdyfhbqohbhiigbfgbobzazigd,bohbdyibvfhfagbasbobjmaqgfgrbzog,bambas
ogxby.zogbcmiod.mibodbogxbvimxbrmiodblohh,bca.njbhiibobqamnjbfsbfd
qimibdyimipbDyixbjmiqbuockbsmazbdyibqfgjaq,bogjbdyibJacdambnaakijbsam
ielnogodfagbfgbyfhbsmfigj'hbohyxbsocip

“Dyixbomi,”bZmpbNammxbqyfhlimijbdyibqamjh,brnogcfgrbsioms.nnxbma.gjbod
dyibnackijbmaaz,b“z.mjimfgrbdyiblmfhagimhpbFsbxa.bomibh.mibasbqyodbxa.
hox;bfsbxa.bmionnxbyovibdyiblaqimbxa.bdyfgkbxa.byovi--ohbFbuinfivibxa.
yovi--zokibxa.mhinsbkgaqgbdabdyihibjivfnh,bogjbridbdokigbdabNobSamcipbFd
zoxbuibdaabnodi,bFbjag'dbkgaq,bu.dbnidbfdbgadbuibobzfg.dibnodim!”

JacdambZogiddiblmihhijbyfhbyogj,byohdigijbuomiyiojijba.dbasbdyibmaaz,
ogjbqohbfgbdyibca.mdxomjbqyigbZmpbNammxbmirofgijbdyibunfgjp

Yfhbhdmiozfgrbqyfdibyofm,byfhbmizomkounibsoci,bogjbdyibfzlid.a.h
cagsfjigcibasbyfhbzoggim,bohbyibl.dbdyibqiolaghbohfjibnfkibqodim,
commfijbyfzbfgbogbfghdogdbdabdyibyiomdbasbdyibcagca.mhibodbdyibhdagip
Sambobsiqbzazigdhbdyimibqohboblo.hi,bogjboby.mmx,bogjbobz.mz.m,bogj
dyib.gfgdinnfrfunibha.gjbasbyfhbvafci;bogjbdyigbZmpbNammxbhoqbyfz,
h.mma.gjijbuxbonn,bogjbfgbdyibzfjhdbasbobnfgibasbdqigdxbzigbnagr,bonn
nfgkijbhya.njimbdabhya.njim,bogjbyogjbdabhya.njim,by.mmfijba.dbqfdy
cmfihbas--“NfvibdyibUohdfnniblmfhagim!bYinlbsambdyibUohdfnniblmfhagim'h
kfgjmijbfgbNobSamci!bMaazbsambdyibUohdfnniblmfhagimbfgbsmagdbdyimi!bHovi
dyiblmfhagimbIvmizagjibodbNobSamci!”bogjbobdya.hogjboghqimfgrbhya.dhp

Yibcnahijbdyibnoddfciborofgbqfdybobsn.ddimfgrbyiomd,bcnahijbdyibqfgjaq
ogjbdyibc.mdofg,byohdigijbdabN.cfi,bogjbdanjbyimbdyodbyimbsodyimbqoh
ohhfhdijbuxbdyiblialni,bogjbragibfgbhiomcybasbyimby.huogjpbYibsa.gj
yimbcyfnjbogjbZfhhbLmahhbqfdybyim;bu.d,bfdbgivimbacc.mmijbdabyfzbdabui
h.mlmfhijbuxbdyifmbolliomogcib.gdfnbobnagrbdfzibosdimqomjh,bqyigbyibhod
qodcyfgrbdyizbfgbh.cybw.fidbohbdyibgfrydbkgiqp

N.cfibyoj,buxbdyodbdfzi,bsonnigbfgdabobhd.lambagbdyibsnaambodbyfhbsiid,
cnfgrfgrbdabyfhbyogjpbZfhhbLmahhbyojbnofjbdyibcyfnjbjaqgbagbyfhbaqg
uij,bogjbyimbyiojbyojbrmoj.onnxbsonnigbagbdyiblfnnaqbuihfjibyimblmiddx
cyomripbAbdyibnagr,bnagrbgfryd,bqfdybdyibzaoghbasbdyiblaambqfsi!bOgjbA
dyibnagr,bnagrbgfryd,bqfdybgabmid.mgbasbyimbsodyimbogjbgabdfjfgrh!

Dqfcibzamibfgbdyibjomkgihhbdyibuinnbodbdyibrmiodbrodibha.gjij,bogjbdyi
fmm.ldfagbqohbmiliodij,bogjbdyibrmfgjhdagibqyfmnijbogjbhln.ddimijp
“Qyodbfhbfd?”bcmfijbN.cfi,bossmfrydijpb“Y.hy!bDyibhanjfimh'bhqamjhbomi
hyomligijbdyimi,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Dyiblnocibfhbgodfagonblmalimdxbgaq,
ogjb.hijbohbobkfgjbasbomza.mx,bzxbnavip”

Dqfcibzamibfgbonn;bu.d,bdyibnohdbhlinnbasbqamkbqohbsiiunibogjbsfds.np
Haagbosdimqomjhbdyibjoxbuirogbdabjoqg,bogjbyibhasdnxbjidocyijbyfzhins
smazbdyibcnohlfgrbyogj,bogjbco.dfa.hnxbnaakijba.dborofgpbObzog,bha
uihziomijbdyodbyibzfrydbyovibuiigbobhaminxbqa.gjijbhanjfimbcmiilfgrbuock
dabcaghcfa.hgihhbagbobsfinjbasbhnofg,bqohbmfhfgrbsmazbdyiblovizigdbux
dyibhfjibasbdyibrmfgjhdagi,bogjbnaakfgrboua.dbyfzbqfdybobvocogdbofmp
Hyamdnx,bdyfhbqamg-a.dbz.mjimimbjihcmfijbfgbdyibfzlimsicdbnfrydbagibas
dyibcommforihbasbZaghifrgi.m,bogj,bhdorrimfgrbdabdyodbramria.hbviyfcni,
cnfzuijbfgbodbdyibjaam,bogjbhy.dbyfzhinsb.lbdabdokibyfhbmihdbagbfdh
jofgdxbc.hyfaghp

Dyibrmiodbrmfgjhdagi,bIomdy,byojbd.mgijbqyigbZmpbNammxbnaakijba.dborofg,
ogjbdyibh.gbqohbmijbagbdyibca.mdxomjpbU.d,bdyibnihhimbrmfgjhdagibhdaaj
onagibdyimibfgbdyibconzbzamgfgrbofm,bqfdybobmijb.lagbfdbdyodbdyibh.gbyoj
givimbrfvig,bogjbqa.njbgivimbdokiboqoxp




FFFpbDyibHyojaq


Agibasbdyibsfmhdbcaghfjimodfaghbqyfcybomahibfgbdyibu.hfgihhbzfgjbasbZmp
Nammxbqyigbu.hfgihhbya.mhbcozibma.gj,bqohbdyfh:--dyodbyibyojbgabmfrydbda
fzlimfnbDinnhag'hbuxbhyindimfgrbdyibqfsibasbogbizfrmogdblmfhagimb.gjim
dyibUogkbmaaspbYfhbaqgblahhihhfagh,bhosidx,bnfsi,byibqa.njbyovibyotomjij
sambN.cfibogjbyimbcyfnj,bqfdya.dbobzazigd'hbjiz.m;bu.dbdyibrmiodbdm.hd
yibyinjbqohbgadbyfhbaqg,bogjbohbdabdyodbu.hfgihhbcyomribyibqohbobhdmfcd
zogbasbu.hfgihhp

Odbsfmhd,byfhbzfgjbmivimdijbdabJisomri,bogjbyibdya.rydbasbsfgjfgrba.d
dyibqfgi-hyalborofgbogjbdokfgrbca.ghinbqfdybfdhbzohdimbfgbmisimigcibda
dyibhosihdbjqinnfgr-lnocibfgbdyibjfhdmocdijbhdodibasbdyibcfdxpbU.d,bdyi
hozibcaghfjimodfagbdyodbh.rrihdijbyfz,bmil.jfodijbyfz;byibnfvijbfgbdyi
zahdbvfanigdbW.omdim,bogjbja.udnihhbqohbfgsn.igdfonbdyimi,bogjbjiilbfg
fdhbjogrima.hbqamkfgrhp

Gaagbcazfgr,bogjbdyibJacdambgadbmid.mgfgr,bogjbivimxbzfg.di'hbjinox
digjfgrbdabcazlmazfhibDinnhag'h,bZmpbNammxbojvfhijbqfdybN.cfipbHyibhofj
dyodbyimbsodyimbyojbhlakigbasbyfmfgrbobnajrfgrbsambobhyamdbdimz,bfgbdyod
W.omdim,bgiombdyibUogkfgr-ya.hipbOhbdyimibqohbgabu.hfgihhbau icdfagbda
dyfh,bogjbohbyibsamihoqbdyodbivigbfsbfdbqimibonnbqinnbqfdybCyomnih,bogj
yibqimibdabuibminiohij,byibca.njbgadbyalibdabniovibdyibcfdx,bZmpbNammx
qigdba.dbfgbw.ihdbasbh.cybobnajrfgr,bogjbsa.gjbobh.fdounibagi,byfryb.l
fgbobmizavijbux-hdmiidbqyimibdyibcnahijbunfgjhbfgbonnbdyibadyimbqfgjaqh
asbobyfrybzinogcyanxbhw.omibasbu.fnjfgrhbzomkijbjihimdijbyazihp

DabdyfhbnajrfgrbyibodbagcibmizavijbN.cfibogjbyimbcyfnj,bogjbZfhhbLmahh:
rfvfgrbdyizbqyodbcazsamdbyibca.nj,bogjbz.cybzamibdyogbyibyojbyfzhinsp
Yibnisdb immxbqfdybdyiz,bohbobsfr.mibdabsfnnbobjaamqoxbdyodbqa.njbuiom
caghfjimounibkgackfgrbagbdyibyioj,bogjbmid.mgijbdabyfhbaqgbacc.lodfaghp
Objfhd.muijbogjbjanis.nbzfgjbyibuma.rydbdabuiomb.lagbdyiz,bogjbhnaqnx
ogjbyiovfnxbdyibjoxbnorrijbagbqfdybyfzp

Fdbqamibfdhinsba.d,bogjbqamibyfzba.dbqfdybfd,b.gdfnbdyibUogkbcnahijpbYi
qohborofgbonagibfgbyfhbmaazbasbdyiblmivfa.hbgfryd,bcaghfjimfgrbqyodbda
jabgied,bqyigbyibyiomjbobsaadb.lagbdyibhdofmpbFgbobsiqbzazigdh,bo
zogbhdaajbfgbyfhblmihigci,bqya,bqfdybobkiignxbauhimvogdbnaakbodbyfz,
ojjmihhijbyfzbuxbyfhbgozip

“Xa.mbhimvogd,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Jabxa.bkgaqbzi?”

Yibqohbobhdmagrnxbzojibzogbqfdybjomkbc.mnfgrbyofm,bsmazbsamdx-sfvi
dabsfsdxbxiomhbasboripbSamboghqimbyibmiliodij,bqfdya.dbogxbcyogribas
izlyohfh,bdyibqamjh:

“Jabxa.bkgaqbzi?”

“Fbyovibhiigbxa.bhaziqyimip”

“Limyolhbodbzxbqfgi-hyal?”

Z.cybfgdimihdijbogjborfdodij,bZmpbNammxbhofj:b“Xa.bcazibsmazbJacdam
Zogiddi?”

“XihpbFbcazibsmazbJacdambZogiddip”

“Ogjbqyodbhoxhbyi?bQyodbjaihbyibhigjbzi?”

Jisomribrovibfgdabyfhbogefa.hbyogj,bogbaligbhcmolbasblolimpbFdbuamibdyi
qamjhbfgbdyibJacdam'hbqmfdfgr:

bbbb“Cyomnihbfhbhosi,bu.dbFbcoggadbhosinxbniovibdyfhblnocibxidp
bbbbbFbyovibaudofgijbdyibsova.mbdyodbdyibuiomimbyohbobhyamdbgadi
bbbbbsmazbCyomnihbdabyfhbqfsipbbNidbdyibuiomimbhiibyfhbqfsip”

FdbqohbjodijbsmazbNobSamci,bqfdyfgbogbya.mp

“Qfnnbxa.boccazlogxbzi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b axs.nnxbminfivijbosdimbmiojfgr
dyfhbgadibona.j,b“dabqyimibyfhbqfsibmihfjih?”

“Xih,”bmid.mgijbJisomrip

Hcomcinxbgadfcfgrbohbxid,bfgbqyodbobc.mfa.hnxbmihimvijbogjbzicyogfcon
qoxbJisomribhlaki,bZmpbNammxbl.dbagbyfhbyodbogjbdyixbqigdbjaqgbfgdabdyi
ca.mdxomjpbDyimi,bdyixbsa.gjbdqabqazig;bagi,bkgfddfgrp

“ZojozibJisomri,bh.minx!”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bqyabyojbnisdbyimbfgbieocdnx
dyibhoziboddfd.jibhazibhivigdiigbxiomhborap

“Fdbfhbhyi,”bauhimvijbyimby.huogjp

“JaihbZojozibrabqfdyb.h?”bfgw.fmijbZmpbNammx,bhiifgrbdyodbhyibzavijboh
dyixbzavijp

“XihpbDyodbhyibzoxbuibounibdabmicargfhibdyibsocihbogjbkgaqbdyiblimhaghp
Fdbfhbsambdyifmbhosidxp”

Uirfggfgrbdabuibhdm.ckbuxbJisomri'hbzoggim,bZmpbNammxbnaakijbj.ufa.hnx
odbyfz,bogjbnijbdyibqoxpbUadybdyibqazigbsannaqij;bdyibhicagjbqazogbuifgr
DyibVigriogcip

Dyixblohhijbdyma.rybdyibfgdimvigfgrbhdmiidhbohbw.fcknxbohbdyixbzfryd,
ohcigjijbdyibhdofmcohibasbdyibgiqbjazfcfni,bqimibojzfddijbuxb immx,
ogjbsa.gjbN.cfibqiilfgr,bonagipbHyibqohbdymaqgbfgdabobdmoghlamdbuxbdyi
dfjfgrhbZmpbNammxbrovibyimbasbyimby.huogj,bogjbcnohlijbdyibyogjbdyod
jinfvimijbyfhbgadi--nfddnibdyfgkfgrbqyodbfdbyojbuiigbjafgrbgiombyfzbfg
dyibgfryd,bogjbzfryd,bu.dbsambobcyogci,byovibjagibdabyfzp

bbbbb“JIOMIHD,--Dokibca.moripbbFbozbqinn,bogjbxa.mbsodyimbyoh
bbbbbbfgsn.igciboma.gjbzipbbXa.bcoggadboghqimbdyfhp
bbbbbbKfhhba.mbcyfnjbsambzip”

DyodbqohbonnbdyibqmfdfgrpbFdbqohbhabz.cy,byaqivim,bdabyimbqyabmicifvij
fd,bdyodbhyibd.mgijbsmazbJisomribdabyfhbqfsi,bogjbkfhhijbagibasbdyi
yogjhbdyodbkgfddijpbFdbqohboblohhfagodi,bnavfgr,bdyogks.n,bqazognx
ocdfag,bu.dbdyibyogjbzojibgabmihlaghi--jmallijbcanjbogjbyiovx,bogjbdaak
dabfdhbkgfddfgrborofgp

Dyimibqohbhazidyfgrbfgbfdhbda.cybdyodbrovibN.cfibobcyickpbHyibhdallijbfg
dyibocdbasbl.ddfgrbdyibgadibfgbyimbuahaz,bogj,bqfdybyimbyogjhbxidbodbyim
gick,bnaakijbdimmfsfijbodbZojozibJisomripbZojozibJisomribzidbdyibnfsdij
ixiumaqhbogjbsamiyiojbqfdybobcanj,bfzlohhfvibhdomip

“Zxbjiom,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bhdmfkfgrbfgbdabielnofg;b“dyimibomibsmiw.igd
mfhfgrhbfgbdyibhdmiidh;bogj,bondya.rybfdbfhbgadbnfkinxbdyixbqfnnbivim
dma.unibxa.,bZojozibJisomribqfhyihbdabhiibdyahibqyazbhyibyohbdyiblaqim
dablmadicdbodbh.cybdfzih,bdabdyibigjbdyodbhyibzoxbkgaqbdyiz--dyodbhyi
zoxbfjigdfsxbdyizpbFbuinfivi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bmodyimbyondfgrbfgbyfh
miohh.mfgrbqamjh,bohbdyibhdagxbzoggimbasbonnbdyibdymiibfzlmihhijbfdhins
.lagbyfzbzamibogjbzami,b“Fbhdodibdyibcohi,bCfdftigbJisomri?”

Jisomribnaakijbrnaazfnxbodbyfhbqfsi,bogjbrovibgabadyimboghqimbdyogbo
rm.ssbha.gjbasbocw.fihcigcip

“Xa.byojbuiddim,bN.cfi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bjafgrbonnbyibca.njbda
lmalfdfodi,buxbdagibogjbzoggim,b“yovibdyibjiombcyfnjbyimi,bogjba.m
raajbLmahhpbA.mbraajbLmahh,bJisomri,bfhbogbIgrnfhybnojx,bogjbkgaqhbga
Smigcyp”

Dyibnojxbfgbw.ihdfag,bqyahibmaadijbcagvfcdfagbdyodbhyibqohbzamibdyogbo
zodcybsambogxbsamifrgim,bqohbgadbdabuibhyokigbuxbjfhdmihhbogj,bjogrim,
olliomijbqfdybsanjijbomzh,bogjbauhimvijbfgbIgrnfhybdabDyibVigriogci,
qyazbyimbixihbsfmhdbigca.gdimij,b“Qinn,bFbozbh.mi,bUanjsoci!bFbyali
_xa._bomiblmiddxbqinn!”bHyibonhabuihdaqijbobUmfdfhybca.rybagbZojozi
Jisomri;bu.d,bgifdyimbasbdyibdqabdaakbz.cybyiijbasbyimp

“Fhbdyodbyfhbcyfnj?”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bhdallfgrbfgbyimbqamkbsambdyi
sfmhdbdfzi,bogjblafgdfgrbyimbkgfddfgr-giijnibodbnfddnibN.cfibohbfsbfd
qimibdyibsfgrimbasbSodip

“Xih,bzojozi,”boghqimijbZmpbNammx;b“dyfhbfhba.mblaamblmfhagim'hbjomnfgr
jo.rydim,bogjbagnxbcyfnjp”

DyibhyojaqboddigjogdbagbZojozibJisomribogjbyimblomdxbhiizijbdabsonnbha
dymiodigfgrbogjbjomkbagbdyibcyfnj,bdyodbyimbzadyimbfghdfgcdfvinx
kgiinijbagbdyibrma.gjbuihfjibyim,bogjbyinjbyimbdabyimbumiohdpbDyi
hyojaqboddigjogdbagbZojozibJisomribogjbyimblomdxbhiizijbdyigbdabsonn,
dymiodigfgrbogjbjomk,bagbuadybdyibzadyimbogjbdyibcyfnjp

“Fdbfhbiga.ry,bzxby.huogj,”bhofjbZojozibJisomripb“FbyovibhiigbdyizpbQi
zoxbrap”

U.d,bdyibh.llmihhijbzoggimbyojbiga.rybasbzigocibfgbfd--gadbvfhfunibogj
lmihigdij,bu.dbfgjfhdfgcdbogjbqfdyyinj--dabonomzbN.cfibfgdabhoxfgr,boh
hyibnofjbyimbollionfgrbyogjbagbZojozibJisomri'hbjmihh:

“Xa.bqfnnbuibraajbdabzxblaamby.huogjpbXa.bqfnnbjabyfzbgabyomzpbXa.bqfnn
yinlbzibdabhiibyfzbfsbxa.bcog?”

“Xa.mby.huogjbfhbgadbzxbu.hfgihhbyimi,”bmid.mgijbZojozibJisomri,bnaakfgr
jaqgbodbyimbqfdyblimsicdbcazlah.mipb“Fdbfhbdyibjo.rydimbasbxa.mbsodyim
qyabfhbzxbu.hfgihhbyimip”

“Sambzxbhoki,bdyig,buibzimcfs.nbdabzxby.huogjpbSambzxbcyfnj'hbhoki!bHyi
qfnnbl.dbyimbyogjhbdaridyimbogjblmoxbxa.bdabuibzimcfs.npbQibomibzami
osmofjbasbxa.bdyogbasbdyihibadyimhp”

ZojozibJisomribmicifvijbfdbohbobcazlnfzigd,bogjbnaakijbodbyimby.huogjp
Jisomri,bqyabyojbuiigb.giohfnxbufdfgrbyfhbdy.zu-gofnbogjbnaakfgrbodbyim,
cannicdijbyfhbsocibfgdabobhdimgimbielmihhfagp

“Qyodbfhbfdbdyodbxa.mby.huogjbhoxhbfgbdyodbnfddnibniddim?”bohkijbZojozi
Jisomri,bqfdybobnaqimfgrbhzfnipb“Fgsn.igci;byibhoxhbhazidyfgrbda.cyfgr
fgsn.igci?”

“Dyodbzxbsodyim,”bhofjbN.cfi,by.mmfijnxbdokfgrbdyiblolimbsmazbyim
umiohd,bu.dbqfdybyimbonomzijbixihbagbyimbw.ihdfagimbogjbgadbagbfd,b“yoh
z.cybfgsn.igciboma.gjbyfzp”

“H.minxbfdbqfnnbminiohibyfz!”bhofjbZojozibJisomripb“Nidbfdbjabhap”

“Ohbobqfsibogjbzadyim,”bcmfijbN.cfi,bzahdbiomgihdnx,b“Fbfzlnamibxa.bda
yoviblfdxbagbzibogjbgadbdabieimcfhibogxblaqimbdyodbxa.blahhihh,borofghd
zxbfggacigdby.huogj,bu.dbdab.hibfdbfgbyfhbuiyonspbAbhfhdim-qazog,bdyfgk
asbzipbOhbobqfsibogjbzadyim!”

ZojozibJisomribnaakij,bcanjnxbohbivim,bodbdyibh.llnfogd,bogjbhofj,
d.mgfgrbdabyimbsmfigjbDyibVigriogci:

“Dyibqfvihbogjbzadyimhbqibyovibuiigb.hijbdabhii,bhfgcibqibqimibohbnfddni
ohbdyfhbcyfnj,bogjbz.cybnihh,byovibgadbuiigbrmiodnxbcaghfjimij?bQibyovi
kgaqgb_dyifm_by.huogjhbogjbsodyimhbnofjbfgblmfhagbogjbkildbsmazbdyiz,
asdigbiga.ry?bOnnba.mbnfvih,bqibyovibhiigba.mbhfhdim-qazigbh.ssim,bfg
dyizhinvihbogjbfgbdyifmbcyfnjmig,blavimdx,bgokijgihh,by.grim,bdyfmhd,
hfckgihh,bzfhimx,ballmihhfagbogjbgirnicdbasbonnbkfgjh?”

“Qibyovibhiigbgadyfgrbinhi,”bmid.mgijbDyibVigriogcip

“Qibyovibuamgibdyfhbobnagrbdfzi,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bd.mgfgrbyimbixih
orofgb.lagbN.cfipb“ .jribxa.!bFhbfdbnfkinxbdyodbdyibdma.unibasbagibqfsi
ogjbzadyimbqa.njbuibz.cybdab.hbgaq?”

Hyibmih.zijbyimbkgfddfgrbogjbqigdba.dpbDyibVigriogcibsannaqijpbJisomri
qigdbnohd,bogjbcnahijbdyibjaamp

“Ca.mori,bzxbjiombN.cfi,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bohbyibmofhijbyimpb“Ca.mori,
ca.mori!bHabsombonnbraihbqinnbqfdyb.h--z.cy,bz.cybuiddimbdyogbfdbyohbas
nodibragibqfdybzogxblaambha.nhpbCyiimb.l,bogjbyovibobdyogks.nbyiomdp”

“Fbozbgadbdyogknihh,bFbyali,bu.dbdyodbjmiojs.nbqazogbhiizhbdabdymaqbo
hyojaqbagbzibogjbagbonnbzxbyalihp”

“D.d,bd.d!”bhofjbZmpbNammx;b“qyodbfhbdyfhbjihlagjigcxbfgbdyibumovi
nfddnibumiohd?bObhyojaqbfgjiij!bGabh.uhdogcibfgbfd,bN.cfip”

U.dbdyibhyojaqbasbdyibzoggimbasbdyihibJisomrihbqohbjomkb.lagbyfzhins,
sambonnbdyod,bogjbfgbyfhbhicmidbzfgjbfdbdma.unijbyfzbrmiodnxp




FVpbConzbfgbHdamz


JacdambZogiddibjfjbgadbmid.mgb.gdfnbdyibzamgfgrbasbdyibsa.mdybjoxbasbyfh
ouhigcipbHabz.cybasbqyodbyojbyolligijbfgbdyodbjmiojs.nbdfzibohbca.njbui
kildbsmazbdyibkgaqnijribasbN.cfibqohbhabqinnbcagcionijbsmazbyim,bdyod
gadb.gdfnbnagrbosdimqomjh,bqyigbSmogcibogjbhyibqimibsombolomd,bjfjbhyi
kgaqbdyodbinivigby.gjmijbjisigcinihhblmfhagimhbasbuadybhieihbogjbonn
orihbyojbuiigbkfnnijbuxbdyiblal.noci;bdyodbsa.mbjoxhbogjbgfrydhbyojbuiig
jomkigijbuxbdyfhbjiijbasbyammam;bogjbdyodbdyibofmboma.gjbyimbyojbuiig
dofgdijbuxbdyibhnofgpbHyibagnxbkgiqbdyodbdyimibyojbuiigbogboddockb.lag
dyiblmfhagh,bdyodbonnblanfdfconblmfhagimhbyojbuiigbfgbjogrim,bogjbdyod
hazibyojbuiigbjmorrijba.dbuxbdyibcmaqjbogjbz.mjimijp

DabZmpbNammx,bdyibJacdambcazz.gfcodijb.gjimbogbfg .gcdfagbasbhicmicxbag
qyfcybyibyojbgabgiijbdabjqinn,bdyodbdyibcmaqjbyojbdokigbyfzbdyma.rybo
hcigibasbcomgoribdabdyiblmfhagbasbNobSamcipbDyod,bfgbdyiblmfhagbyibyoj
sa.gjbobhins-ollafgdijbDmfu.gonbhfddfgr,buisamibqyfcybdyiblmfhagimhbqimi
uma.rydbhfgrnx,bogjbuxbqyfcybdyixbqimibmolfjnxbamjimijbdabuibl.dbsamdy
dabuibzohhocmij,bambdabuibminiohij,bamb(fgbobsiqbcohih)bdabuibhigdbuock
dabdyifmbcinnhpbDyod,blmihigdijbuxbyfhbcagj.cdamhbdabdyfhbDmfu.gon,byi
yojbogga.gcijbyfzhinsbuxbgozibogjblmasihhfagbohbyovfgrbuiigbsambifrydiig
xiomhbobhicmidbogjb.gocc.hijblmfhagimbfgbdyibUohdfnni;bdyod,bagibasbdyi
uajxbhabhfddfgrbfgb .jrzigdbyojbmfhigbogjbfjigdfsfijbyfz,bogjbdyodbdyfh
zogbqohbJisomrip

Dyod,byimi.lagbyibyojbohcimdofgij,bdyma.rybdyibmirfhdimhbagbdyibdouni,
dyodbyfhbhag-fg-noqbqohbozagrbdyibnfvfgrblmfhagimh,bogjbyojblniojijbyomj
dabdyibDmfu.gon--asbqyazbhazibzizuimhbqimibohniilbogjbhaziboqoki,bhazi
jfmdxbqfdybz.mjimbogjbhazibcniog,bhazibhauimbogjbhazibgad--sambyfhbnfsi
ogjbnfuimdxpbDyod,bfgbdyibsfmhdbsmogdfcbrmiidfgrhbnovfhyijbagbyfzhinsboh
obgadounibh.ssimimb.gjimbdyibavimdymaqgbhxhdiz,bfdbyojbuiigboccamjij
dabyfzbdabyovibCyomnihbJomgoxbuma.rydbuisamibdyibnoqnihhbCa.md,bogj
ieozfgijpbDyod,byibhiizijbagbdyiblafgdbasbuifgrbodbagcibminiohij,bqyig
dyibdfjibfgbyfhbsova.mbzidbqfdybhazib.gielnofgijbcyickb(gadbfgdinnfrfuni
dabdyibJacdam),bqyfcybnijbdabobsiqbqamjhbasbhicmidbcagsimigcipbDyod,
dyibzogbhfddfgrbohbLmihfjigdbyojbdyigbfgsamzijbJacdambZogiddibdyod
dyiblmfhagimbz.hdbmizofgbfgbc.hdajx,bu.dbhya.nj,bsambyfhbhoki,buibyinj
fgvfanodibfgbhosibc.hdajxpbDyod,bfzzijfodinx,bagbobhfrgon,bdyiblmfhagim
qohbmizavijbdabdyibfgdimfambasbdyiblmfhagborofg;bu.d,bdyodbyi,bdyi
Jacdam,byojbdyigbhabhdmagrnxblniojijbsamblimzfhhfagbdabmizofgbogj
ohh.mibyfzhinsbdyodbyfhbhag-fg-noqbqoh,bdyma.rybgabzonfcibambzfhcyogci,
jinfvimijbdabdyibcagca.mhibqyahibz.mjima.hbxinnhba.dhfjibdyibrodibyoj
asdigbjmaqgijbdyiblmaciijfgrh,bdyodbyibyojbaudofgijbdyiblimzfhhfag,bogj
yojbmizofgijbfgbdyodbYonnbasbUnaajb.gdfnbdyibjogrimbqohbavimp

Dyibhfrydhbyibyojbhiigbdyimi,bqfdybumfisbhgodcyihbasbsaajbogjbhniilbux
fgdimvonh,bhyonnbmizofgb.gdanjpbDyibzojb axbavimbdyiblmfhagimhbqyabqimi
hovij,byojbohda.gjijbyfzbhcomcinxbnihhbdyogbdyibzojbsimacfdxborofghd
dyahibqyabqimibc.dbdablficihpbAgiblmfhagimbdyimibqoh,byibhofj,bqyabyoj
uiigbjfhcyomrijbfgdabdyibhdmiidbsmii,bu.dbodbqyazbobzfhdokigbhovoribyoj
dym.hdboblfkibohbyiblohhijba.dpbUifgrbuiha.rydbdabrabdabyfzbogjbjmihh
dyibqa.gj,bdyibJacdambyojblohhijba.dbodbdyibhozibrodi,bogjbyojbsa.gjbyfz
fgbdyibomzhbasbobcazlogxbasbHozomfdogh,bqyabqimibhiodijbagbdyibuajfih
asbdyifmbvfcdfzhpbQfdybogbfgcaghfhdigcxbohbzaghdma.hbohbogxdyfgrbfgbdyfh
oqs.nbgfrydzomi,bdyixbyojbyinlijbdyibyionim,bogjbdigjijbdyibqa.gjijbzog
qfdybdyibrigdnihdbhanfcfd.ji--yojbzojibobnfddimbsambyfzbogjbihcamdijbyfz
comis.nnxbsmazbdyibhlad--yojbdyigbco.rydb.lbdyifmbqiolaghbogjbln.grij
ogiqbfgdabobu.dcyimxbhabjmiojs.n,bdyodbdyibJacdambyojbcavimijbyfhbixih
qfdybyfhbyogjh,bogjbhqaagijboqoxbfgbdyibzfjhdbasbfdp

OhbZmpbNammxbmicifvijbdyihibcagsfjigcih,bogjbohbyibqodcyijbdyibsocibas
yfhbsmfigjbgaqbhfedx-dqabxiomhbasbori,bobzfhrfvfgrbomahibqfdyfgbyfzbdyod
h.cybjmiojbielimfigcihbqa.njbmivfvibdyibanjbjogrimp

U.d,byibyojbgivimbhiigbyfhbsmfigjbfgbyfhblmihigdbohlicd:byibyojbgivim
odbonnbkgaqgbyfzbfgbyfhblmihigdbcyomocdimpbSambdyibsfmhdbdfzibdyibJacdam
sind,bgaq,bdyodbyfhbh.ssimfgrbqohbhdmigrdybogjblaqimpbSambdyibsfmhdbdfzi
yibsindbdyodbfgbdyodbhyomlbsfmi,byibyojbhnaqnxbsamrijbdyibfmagbqyfcy
ca.njbumiokbdyiblmfhagbjaambasbyfhbjo.rydim'hby.huogj,bogjbjinfvimbyfzp
“Fdbonnbdigjijbdabobraajbigj,bzxbsmfigj;bfdbqohbgadbzimibqohdibogjbm.fgp
Ohbzxbuinavijbcyfnjbqohbyinls.nbfgbmihdamfgrbzibdabzxhins,bFbqfnnbui
yinls.nbgaqbfgbmihdamfgrbdyibjiomihdblomdbasbyimhinsbdabyim;buxbdyibofj
asbYiovigbFbqfnnbjabfd!”bDy.h,bJacdambZogiddipbOgjbqyigb omvfhbNammxbhoq
dyibkfgjnijbixih,bdyibmihan.dibsoci,bdyibconzbhdmagrbnaakbogjbuiomfgr
asbdyibzogbqyahibnfsibonqoxhbhiizijbdabyfzbdabyovibuiigbhdallij,bnfkibo
cnack,bsambhabzogxbxiomh,bogjbdyigbhidbrafgrborofgbqfdybogbigimrxbqyfcy
yojbnofgbjamzogdbj.mfgrbdyibcihhodfagbasbfdhb.his.ngihh,byibuinfivijp

RmiodimbdyfgrhbdyogbdyibJacdambyojbodbdyodbdfzibdabcagdigjbqfdy,bqa.nj
yovibxfinjijbuisamibyfhblimhivimfgrbl.mlahipbQyfnibyibkildbyfzhins
fgbyfhblnoci,bohboblyxhfcfog,bqyahibu.hfgihhbqohbqfdybonnbjirmiih
asbzogkfgj,buagjbogjbsmii,bmfcybogjblaam,buojbogjbraaj,byib.hijbyfh
limhagonbfgsn.igcibhabqfhinx,bdyodbyibqohbhaagbdyibfghlicdfgrblyxhfcfog
asbdymiiblmfhagh,bogjbozagrbdyizbasbNobSamcipbYibca.njbgaqbohh.mibN.cfi
dyodbyimby.huogjbqohbgabnagrimbcagsfgijbonagi,bu.dbqohbzfeijbqfdybdyi
rigimonbuajxbasblmfhagimh;byibhoqbyimby.huogjbqiiknx,bogjbuma.rydbhqiid
zihhorihbdabyim,bhdmofrydbsmazbyfhbnflh;bhazidfzihbyimby.huogjbyfzhins
higdbobniddimbdabyimb(dya.rybgivimbuxbdyibJacdam'hbyogj),bu.dbhyibqoh
gadblimzfddijbdabqmfdibdabyfz:bsam,bozagrbdyibzogxbqfnjbh.hlfcfaghbas
lnadhbfgbdyiblmfhagh,bdyibqfnjihdbasbonnblafgdijbodbizfrmogdhbqyabqimi
kgaqgbdabyovibzojibsmfigjhbamblimzogigdbcaggicdfaghboumaojp

DyfhbgiqbnfsibasbdyibJacdam'hbqohbogbogefa.hbnfsi,bgabja.ud;bhdfnn,bdyi
horocfa.hbZmpbNammxbhoqbdyodbdyimibqohbobgiqbh.hdofgfgrblmfjibfgbfdp
Gadyfgrb.guicazfgrbdfgrijbdyiblmfji;bfdbqohbobgod.monbogjbqamdyxbagi;
u.dbyibauhimvijbfdbohbobc.mfahfdxpbDyibJacdambkgiq,bdyodb.lbdabdyod
dfzi,byfhbfzlmfhagzigdbyojbuiigbohhacfodijbfgbdyibzfgjhbasbyfhbjo.rydim
ogjbyfhbsmfigj,bqfdybyfhblimhagonbossnfcdfag,bjilmfvodfag,bogjbqiokgihhp
Gaqbdyodbdyfhbqohbcyogrij,bogjbyibkgiqbyfzhinsbdabuibfgvihdijbdyma.ry
dyodbanjbdmfonbqfdybsamcihbdabqyfcybdyixbuadybnaakijbsambCyomnih'h
.ndfzodibhosidxbogjbjinfvimogci,byibuicozibhabsombieondijbuxbdyibcyogri,
dyodbyibdaakbdyibniojbogjbjfmicdfag,bogjbmiw.fmijbdyizbohbdyibqiok,bda
dm.hdbdabyfzbohbdyibhdmagrpbDyiblmicijfgrbminodfviblahfdfaghbasbyfzhins
ogjbN.cfibqimibmivimhij,bxidbagnxbohbdyibnfvinfihdbrmodfd.jibogj
ossicdfagbca.njbmivimhibdyiz,bsambyibca.njbyovibyojbgablmfjibu.dbfg
migjimfgrbhazibhimvfcibdabyimbqyabyojbmigjimijbhabz.cybdabyfzpb“Onn
c.mfa.hbdabhii,”bdya.rydbZmpbNammx,bfgbyfhbozfounxbhymiqjbqox,b“u.dbonn
god.monbogjbmfryd;bha,bdokibdyibnioj,bzxbjiombsmfigj,bogjbkiilbfd;bfd
ca.njg'dbuibfgbuiddimbyogjhp”

U.d,bdya.rybdyibJacdambdmfijbyomj,bogjbgivimbciohijbdmxfgr,bdabrid
CyomnihbJomgoxbhidbodbnfuimdx,bambodbniohdbdabridbyfzbuma.rydbdabdmfon,
dyibl.unfcbc.mmigdbasbdyibdfzibhidbdaabhdmagrbogjbsohdbsambyfzpbDyibgiq
imobuirog;bdyibkfgrbqohbdmfij,bjaazij,bogjbuiyiojij;bdyibMil.unfcbas
Nfuimdx,bIw.onfdx,bSmodimgfdx,bambJiody,bjicnomijbsambvfcdamxbambjiody
orofghdbdyibqamnjbfgbomzh;bdyibunockbsnorbqovijbgfrydbogjbjoxbsmazbdyi
rmiodbdaqimhbasbGadmibJozi;bdymiiby.gjmijbdya.hogjbzig,bh.zzagijbdabmfhi
orofghdbdyibdxmogdhbasbdyibiomdy,bmahibsmazbonnbdyibvomxfgrbhafnh
asbSmogci,bohbfsbdyibjmorag'hbdiidybyojbuiigbhaqgbumaojcohd,bogj
yojbxfinjijbsm.fdbiw.onnxbagbyfnnbogjblnofg,bagbmack,bfgbrmovin,bogj
onn.vfonbz.j,b.gjimbdyibumfrydbhkxbasbdyibHa.dybogjb.gjimbdyibcna.jhbas
dyibGamdy,bfgbsinnbogjbsamihd,bfgbdyibvfgixomjhbogjbdyibanfvi-rma.gjh
ogjbozagrbdyibcmallijbrmohhbogjbdyibhd.uunibasbdyibcamg,bonagrbdyi
sm.fds.nbuogkhbasbdyibumaojbmfvimh,bogjbfgbdyibhogjbasbdyibhio-hyamip
Qyodblmfvodibhanfcfd.jibca.njbmiombfdhinsborofghdbdyibjin.ribasbdyibXiom
AgibasbNfuimdx--dyibjin.ribmfhfgrbsmazbuinaq,bgadbsonnfgrbsmazbouavi,
ogjbqfdybdyibqfgjaqhbasbYiovigbhy.d,bgadbaligij!

Dyimibqohbgablo.hi,bgablfdx,bgablioci,bgabfgdimvonbasbminigdfgrbmihd,bga
zioh.mizigdbasbdfzipbDya.rybjoxhbogjbgfrydhbcfmcnijbohbmir.nomnxbohbqyig
dfzibqohbxa.gr,bogjbdyibivigfgrbogjbzamgfgrbqimibdyibsfmhdbjox,badyim
ca.gdbasbdfzibdyimibqohbgagipbYanjbasbfdbqohbnahdbfgbdyibmorfgrbsivim
asbobgodfag,bohbfdbfhbfgbdyibsivimbasbagiblodfigdpbGaq,bumiokfgrbdyi
.ggod.monbhfnigcibasbobqyanibcfdx,bdyibieic.dfagimbhyaqijbdyiblialnibdyi
yiojbasbdyibkfgr--ogjbgaq,bfdbhiizijbonzahdbfgbdyibhozibumiody,bdyi
yiojbasbyfhbsofmbqfsibqyfcybyojbyojbifrydbqiomxbzagdyhbasbfzlmfhagij
qfjaqyaajbogjbzfhimx,bdabd.mgbfdbrmixp

Ogjbxid,bauhimvfgrbdyibhdmogribnoqbasbcagdmojfcdfagbqyfcybaudofghbfg
onnbh.cybcohih,bdyibdfzibqohbnagr,bqyfnibfdbsnozijbuxbhabsohdpbO
mivan.dfagomxbdmfu.gonbfgbdyibcolfdon,bogjbsamdxbambsfsdxbdya.hogj
mivan.dfagomxbcazzfddiihbonnbavimbdyibnogj;bobnoqbasbdyibH.hlicdij,
qyfcybhdm.ckboqoxbonnbhic.mfdxbsambnfuimdxbambnfsi,bogjbjinfvimijbavim
ogxbraajbogjbfggacigdblimhagbdabogxbuojbogjbr.fndxbagi;blmfhaghbramrij
qfdyblialnibqyabyojbcazzfddijbgabassigci,bogjbca.njbaudofgbgabyiomfgr;
dyihibdyfgrhbuicozibdyibihdounfhyijbamjimbogjbgod.mibasbollafgdij
dyfgrh,bogjbhiizijbdabuibogcfigdb.horibuisamibdyixbqimibzogxbqiikhbanjp
Ouavibonn,bagibyfjia.hbsfr.mibrmiqbohbsozfnfombohbfsbfdbyojbuiigbuisami
dyibrigimonbrotibsmazbdyibsa.gjodfaghbasbdyibqamnj--dyibsfr.mibasbdyi
hyomlbsizonibconnijbNobR.fnnadfgip

Fdbqohbdyiblal.nombdyizibsamb ihdh;bfdbqohbdyibuihdbc.mibsambyiojocyi,
fdbfgsonnfunxblmivigdijbdyibyofmbsmazbd.mgfgrbrmix,bfdbfzlomdijbo
lic.nfombjinfcocxbdabdyibcazlniefag,bfdbqohbdyibGodfagonbMotambqyfcy
hyovijbcnahi:bqyabkfhhijbNobR.fnnadfgi,bnaakijbdyma.rybdyibnfddnibqfgjaq
ogjbhgiitijbfgdabdyibhockpbFdbqohbdyibhfrgbasbdyibmirigimodfagbasbdyi
y.zogbmocipbFdbh.limhijijbdyibCmahhpbZajinhbasbfdbqimibqamgbagbumiohdh
smazbqyfcybdyibCmahhbqohbjfhcomjij,bogjbfdbqohbuaqijbjaqgbdabogj
uinfivijbfgbqyimibdyibCmahhbqohbjigfijp

Fdbhyiomijbassbyiojhbhabzogx,bdyodbfd,bogjbdyibrma.gjbfdbzahdblann.dij,
qimibobmaddigbmijpbFdbqohbdokigbdablficih,bnfkibobdax-l.ttnibsambobxa.gr
Jivfn,bogjbqohbl.dbdaridyimborofgbqyigbdyibaccohfagbqogdijbfdpbFdby.hyij
dyibinaw.igd,bhdm.ckbjaqgbdyiblaqims.n,bouanfhyijbdyibuio.dfs.nbogj
raajpbDqigdx-dqabsmfigjhbasbyfrybl.unfcbzomk,bdqigdx-agibnfvfgrbogjbagi
jioj,bfdbyojbnallijbdyibyiojhbass,bfgbagibzamgfgr,bfgbohbzogxbzfg.dihp
DyibgozibasbdyibhdmagrbzogbasbAnjbHcmfld.mibyojbjihcigjijbdabdyibcyfis
s.gcdfagomxbqyabqamkijbfd;bu.d,bhabomzij,byibqohbhdmagrimbdyogbyfh
gozihoki,bogjbunfgjim,bogjbdamiboqoxbdyibrodihbasbRaj'hbaqgbDizlnibivimx
joxp

Ozagrbdyihibdimmamh,bogjbdyibumaajbuinagrfgrbdabdyiz,bdyibJacdambqonkij
qfdybobhdiojxbyioj:bcagsfjigdbfgbyfhblaqim,bco.dfa.hnxblimhfhdigdbfgbyfh
igj,bgivimbja.udfgrbdyodbyibqa.njbhovibN.cfi'hby.huogjbodbnohdpbXidbdyi
c.mmigdbasbdyibdfzibhqildbux,bhabhdmagrbogjbjiil,bogjbcommfijbdyibdfzi
oqoxbhabsfimcinx,bdyodbCyomnihbyojbnofgbfgblmfhagbagibxiombogjbdymii
zagdyhbqyigbdyibJacdambqohbdy.hbhdiojxbogjbcagsfjigdpbHabz.cybzami
qfckijbogjbjfhdmocdijbyojbdyibMivan.dfagbrmaqgbfgbdyodbJicizuimbzagdy,
dyodbdyibmfvimhbasbdyibHa.dybqimibigc.zuimijbqfdybdyibuajfihbasbdyi
vfanigdnxbjmaqgijbuxbgfryd,bogjblmfhagimhbqimibhyadbfgbnfgihbogjbhw.omih
.gjimbdyibha.dyimgbqfgdmxbh.gpbHdfnn,bdyibJacdambqonkijbozagrbdyi
dimmamhbqfdybobhdiojxbyiojpbGabzogbuiddimbkgaqgbdyogbyi,bfgbLomfhbod
dyodbjox;bgabzogbfgbobhdmogrimbhfd.odfagpbHfnigd,by.zogi,bfgjfhlighouni
fgbyahlfdonbogjblmfhag,b.hfgrbyfhbomdbiw.onnxbozagrbohhohhfghbogj
vfcdfzh,byibqohbobzogbolomdpbFgbdyibieimcfhibasbyfhbhkfnn,bdyi
olliomogcibogjbdyibhdamxbasbdyibUohdfnnibColdfvibmizavijbyfzbsmazbonn
adyimbzigpbYibqohbgadbh.hlicdijbambuma.rydbfgbw.ihdfag,bogxbzamibdyogbfs
yibyojbfgjiijbuiigbmiconnijbdabnfsibhazibifrydiigbxiomhbuisami,bambqimi
obHlfmfdbzavfgrbozagrbzamdonhp




VpbDyibQaaj-Hoqxim


AgibxiombogjbdymiibzagdyhpbJ.mfgrbonnbdyodbdfzibN.cfibqohbgivim
h.mi,bsmazbya.mbdabya.m,bu.dbdyodbdyibR.fnnadfgibqa.njbhdmfkibassbyim
y.huogj'hbyiojbgiedbjoxpbIvimxbjox,bdyma.rybdyibhdagxbhdmiidh,bdyi
d.zumfnhbgaqb andijbyiovfnx,bsfnnijbqfdybCagjizgijpbNavinxbrfmnh;bumfryd
qazig,bumaqg-yofmij,bunock-yofmij,bogjbrmix;bxa.dyh;bhdonqomdbzigbogj
anj;brigdnibuamgbogjbliohogdbuamg;bonnbmijbqfgibsambNobR.fnnadfgi,bonn
jofnxbuma.rydbfgdabnfrydbsmazbdyibjomkbcinnomhbasbdyibnaodyhaziblmfhagh,
ogjbcommfijbdabyimbdyma.rybdyibhdmiidhbdabhnokibyimbjiva.mfgrbdyfmhdp
Nfuimdx,biw.onfdx,bsmodimgfdx,bambjiody;--dyibnohd,bz.cybdyibiohfihdbda
uihdaq,bAbR.fnnadfgi!

Fsbdyibh.jjiggihhbasbyimbconozfdx,bogjbdyibqyfmnfgrbqyiinhbasbdyibdfzi,
yojbhd.ggijbdyibJacdam'hbjo.rydimbfgdaboqofdfgrbdyibmih.ndbfgbfjni
jihlofm,bfdbqa.njbu.dbyovibuiigbqfdybyimbohbfdbqohbqfdybzogxpbU.d,bsmaz
dyibya.mbqyigbhyibyojbdokigbdyibqyfdibyiojbdabyimbsmihybxa.grbuahazbfg
dyibrommidbasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bhyibyojbuiigbdm.ibdabyimbj.dfihpbHyibqoh
dm.ihdbdabdyizbfgbdyibhiohagbasbdmfon,bohbonnbdyibw.fidnxbnaxonbogjbraaj
qfnnbonqoxhbuip

Ohbhaagbohbdyixbqimibihdounfhyijbfgbdyifmbgiqbmihfjigci,bogjbyimbsodyim
yojbigdimijbagbdyibma.dfgibasbyfhbovacodfagh,bhyibommogrijbdyibnfddni
ya.hiyanjbohbieocdnxbohbfsbyimby.huogjbyojbuiigbdyimipbIvimxdyfgrbyoj
fdhbollafgdijblnocibogjbfdhbollafgdijbdfzipbNfddnibN.cfibhyibdo.ryd,
ohbmir.nomnx,bohbfsbdyixbyojbonnbuiigb.gfdijbfgbdyifmbIgrnfhybyazipbDyi
hnfrydbjivfcihbqfdybqyfcybhyibcyiodijbyimhinsbfgdabdyibhyaqbasbobuinfis
dyodbdyixbqa.njbhaagbuibmi.gfdij--dyibnfddniblmilomodfaghbsambyfhbhliijx
mid.mg,bdyibhiddfgrbohfjibasbyfhbcyofmbogjbyfhbuaakh--dyihi,bogjbdyi
hanizgblmoximbodbgfrydbsambagibjiomblmfhagimbihlicfonnx,bozagrbdyibzogx
.gyollxbha.nhbfgblmfhagbogjbdyibhyojaqbasbjiody--qimibonzahdbdyibagnx
a.dhlakigbminfishbasbyimbyiovxbzfgjp

HyibjfjbgadbrmiodnxbondimbfgbolliomogcipbDyiblnofgbjomkbjmihhih,bokfgbda
za.mgfgrbjmihhih,bqyfcybhyibogjbyimbcyfnjbqami,bqimibohbgiodbogjbohbqinn
oddigjijbdabohbdyibumfrydimbcnadyihbasbyollxbjoxhpbHyibnahdbyimbcana.m,
ogjbdyibanjbogjbfgdigdbielmihhfagbqohbobcaghdogd,bgadbogbaccohfagon,
dyfgr;badyimqfhi,bhyibmizofgijbvimxblmiddxbogjbcazinxpbHazidfzih,bod
gfrydbagbkfhhfgrbyimbsodyim,bhyibqa.njbu.mhdbfgdabdyibrmfisbhyibyoj
milmihhijbonnbjox,bogjbqa.njbhoxbdyodbyimbhanibminfogci,b.gjimbYiovig,
qohbagbyfzpbYibonqoxhbmihan.dinxboghqimij:b“Gadyfgrbcogbyolligbdabyfz
qfdya.dbzxbkgaqnijri,bogjbFbkgaqbdyodbFbcogbhovibyfz,bN.cfip”

Dyixbyojbgadbzojibdyibma.gjbasbdyifmbcyogrijbnfsibzogxbqiikh,bqyigbyim
sodyimbhofjbdabyim,bagbcazfgrbyazibagibivigfgr:

“Zxbjiom,bdyimibfhbogb.llimbqfgjaqbfgbdyiblmfhag,bdabqyfcybCyomnihbcog
hazidfzihbrofgboccihhbodbdymiibfgbdyibosdimgaagpbQyigbyibcogbridbda
fd--qyfcybjiligjhbagbzogxb.gcimdofgdfihbogjbfgcfjigdh--yibzfrydbhiibxa.
fgbdyibhdmiid,byibdyfgkh,bfsbxa.bhdaajbfgbobcimdofgblnocibdyodbFbcog
hyaqbxa.pbU.dbxa.bqfnnbgadbuibounibdabhiibyfz,bzxblaambcyfnj,bogjbivig
fsbxa.bca.nj,bfdbqa.njbuib.ghosibsambxa.bdabzokibobhfrgbasbmicargfdfagp”

“Abhyaqbzibdyiblnoci,bzxbsodyim,bogjbFbqfnnbrabdyimibivimxbjoxp”

Smazbdyodbdfzi,bfgbonnbqiodyimh,bhyibqofdijbdyimibdqabya.mhpbOhbdyi
cnackbhdm.ckbdqa,bhyibqohbdyimi,bogjbodbsa.mbhyibd.mgijbmihfrgijnxboqoxp
Qyigbfdbqohbgadbdaabqidbambfgcnizigdbsambyimbcyfnjbdabuibqfdybyim,bdyix
qigdbdaridyim;bodbadyimbdfzihbhyibqohbonagi;bu.d,bhyibgivimbzfhhijbo
hfgrnibjoxp

FdbqohbdyibjomkbogjbjfmdxbcamgimbasbobhzonnbqfgjfgrbhdmiidpbDyibyavin
asbobc.ddimbasbqaajbfgdabnigrdyhbsambu.mgfgr,bqohbdyibagnxbya.hibodbdyod
igj;bonnbinhibqohbqonnpbAgbdyibdyfmjbjoxbasbyimbuifgrbdyimi,byibgadfcij
yimp

“Raajbjox,bcfdftigihhp”

“Raajbjox,bcfdftigp”

DyfhbzajibasbojjmihhbqohbgaqblmihcmfuijbuxbjicmiipbFdbyojbuiig
ihdounfhyijbvan.gdomfnxbhazibdfzibora,bozagrbdyibzamibdyama.ryblodmfadh;
u.d,bqohbgaqbnoqbsambivimxuajxp

“Qonkfgrbyimiborofg,bcfdftigihh?”

“Xa.bhiibzi,bcfdftig!”

Dyibqaaj-hoqxim,bqyabqohbobnfddnibzogbqfdybobmij.gjogcxbasbrihd.mib(yi
yojbagcibuiigbobzigjimbasbmaojh),bcohdbobrnogcibodbdyiblmfhag,blafgdij
odbdyiblmfhag,bogjbl.ddfgrbyfhbdigbsfgrimhbuisamibyfhbsocibdabmilmihigd
uomh,bliilijbdyma.rybdyizb acahinxp

“U.dbfd'hbgadbzxbu.hfgihh,”bhofjbyipbOgjbqigdbagbhoqfgrbyfhbqaajp

Giedbjoxbyibqohbnaakfgrba.dbsambyim,bogjboccahdijbyimbdyibzazigdbhyi
olliomijp

“Qyod?bQonkfgrbyimiborofg,bcfdftigihh?”

“Xih,bcfdftigp”

“Oy!bObcyfnjbdaa!bXa.mbzadyim,bfhbfdbgad,bzxbnfddnibcfdftigihh?”

“JabFbhoxbxih,bzozzo?”bqyfhlimijbnfddnibN.cfi,bjmoqfgrbcnahibdabyimp

“Xih,bjiomihdp”

“Xih,bcfdftigp”

“Oy!bU.dbfd'hbgadbzxbu.hfgihhpbZxbqamkbfhbzxbu.hfgihhpbHiibzxbhoq!bF
connbfdbzxbNfddnibR.fnnadfgipbNo,bno,bno;bNo,bno,bno!bOgjbassbyfhbyioj
cazih!”

Dyibufnnidbsinnbohbyibhlaki,bogjbyibdymiqbfdbfgdabobuohkidp

“FbconnbzxhinsbdyibHozhagbasbdyibsfmiqaajbr.fnnadfgipbHiibyimiborofg!
Naa,bnaa,bnaa;bNaa,bnaa,bnaa!bOgjbassb_yim_byiojbcazih!bGaq,bobcyfnjp
Dfckni,bdfckni;bLfckni,blfckni!bOgjbassb_fdh_byiojbcazihpbOnnbdyi
sozfnx!”

N.cfibhy.jjimijbohbyibdymiqbdqabzamibufnnidhbfgdabyfhbuohkid,bu.dbfdbqoh
fzlahhfunibdabuibdyimibqyfnibdyibqaaj-hoqximbqohbodbqamk,bogjbgadbuibfg
yfhbhfrydpbDyigcisamdy,bdabhic.mibyfhbraajbqfnn,bhyibonqoxhbhlakibdabyfz
sfmhd,bogjbasdigbrovibyfzbjmfgk-zagix,bqyfcybyibmiojfnxbmicifvijp

Yibqohbogbfgw.fhfdfvibsinnaq,bogjbhazidfzihbqyigbhyibyojbw.fdibsamraddig
yfzbfgbrotfgrbodbdyiblmfhagbmaasbogjbrmodih,bogjbfgbnfsdfgrbyimbyiomd
.lbdabyimby.huogj,bhyibqa.njbcazibdabyimhinsbdabsfgjbyfzbnaakfgrbodbyim,
qfdybyfhbkgiibagbyfhbuigcybogjbyfhbhoqbhdallijbfgbfdhbqamkpb“U.dbfd'h
gadbzxbu.hfgihh!”byibqa.njbrigimonnxbhoxbodbdyahibdfzih,bogjbqa.nj
umfhknxbsonnbdabyfhbhoqfgrborofgp

Fgbonnbqiodyimh,bfgbdyibhgaqbogjbsmahdbasbqfgdim,bfgbdyibufddimbqfgjhbas
hlmfgr,bfgbdyibyadbh.ghyfgibasbh.zzim,bfgbdyibmofghbasbo.d.zg,bogjborofg
fgbdyibhgaqbogjbsmahdbasbqfgdim,bN.cfiblohhijbdqabya.mhbasbivimxbjoxbod
dyfhblnoci;bogjbivimxbjoxbagbniovfgrbfd,bhyibkfhhijbdyiblmfhagbqonnp
Yimby.huogjbhoqbyimb(habhyibniomgijbsmazbyimbsodyim)bfdbzfrydbuibagcibfg
sfvibambhfebdfzih:bfdbzfrydbuibdqfcibambdymfcibm.ggfgr:bfdbzfrydbui,bgad
sambobqiikbambobsamdgfrydbdaridyimpbFdbqohbiga.rybdyodbyibca.njbogjbjfj
hiibyimbqyigbdyibcyogcihbhimvij,bogjbagbdyodblahhfufnfdxbhyibqa.njbyovi
qofdijba.dbdyibjox,bhivigbjoxhbobqiikp

Dyihibacc.lodfaghbuma.rydbyimbma.gjbdabdyibJicizuimbzagdy,bqyimifgbyim
sodyimbqonkijbozagrbdyibdimmamhbqfdybobhdiojxbyiojpbAgbobnfrydnx-hgaqfgr
osdimgaagbhyibommfvijbodbdyib.h.onbcamgimpbFdbqohbobjoxbasbhazibqfnj
mi afcfgr,bogjbobsihdfvonpbHyibyojbhiigbdyibya.hih,bohbhyibcozibonagr,
jicamodijbqfdybnfddniblfkih,bogjbqfdybnfddnibmijbcolhbhd.ckb.lagbdyiz;
onha,bqfdybdmfcana.mijbmfuuagh;bonha,bqfdybdyibhdogjomjbfghcmfldfag
(dmfcana.mijbniddimhbqimibdyibsova.mfdi),bMil.unfcbAgibogjbFgjfvfhfunip
Nfuimdx,bIw.onfdx,bSmodimgfdx,bambJiody!

Dyibzfhimounibhyalbasbdyibqaaj-hoqximbqohbhabhzonn,bdyodbfdhbqyani
h.msocibs.mgfhyijbvimxbfgjfssimigdbhlocibsambdyfhbnirigjpbYibyojbrad
haziuajxbdabhcmoqnbfdb.lbsambyfz,byaqivim,bqyabyojbhw.iitijbJiodybfg
qfdybzahdbfgollmalmfodibjfssfc.ndxpbAgbyfhbya.hi-dal,byibjfhlnoxijblfki
ogjbcol,bohbobraajbcfdftigbz.hd,bogjbfgbobqfgjaqbyibyojbhdodfagijbyfh
hoqbfghcmfuijbohbyfhb“NfddnibHofgdibR.fnnadfgi”--sambdyibrmiodbhyoml
sizonibqohbuxbdyodbdfziblal.nomnxbcogagfhijpbYfhbhyalbqohbhy.dbogjbyi
qohbgadbdyimi,bqyfcybqohbobminfisbdabN.cfi,bogjbnisdbyimbw.fdibonagip

U.d,byibqohbgadbsombass,bsamblmihigdnxbhyibyiomjbobdma.unijbzavizigd
ogjbobhya.dfgrbcazfgrbonagr,bqyfcybsfnnijbyimbqfdybsiompbObzazigd
osdimqomjh,bogjbobdymagrbasblialnibcozibla.mfgrbma.gjbdyibcamgimbuxbdyi
lmfhagbqonn,bfgbdyibzfjhdbasbqyazbqohbdyibqaaj-hoqximbyogjbfgbyogjbqfdy
DyibVigriogcipbDyimibca.njbgadbuibsiqimbdyogbsfviby.gjmijblialni,bogj
dyixbqimibjogcfgrbnfkibsfvibdya.hogjbjizaghpbDyimibqohbgabadyimbz.hfc
dyogbdyifmbaqgbhfgrfgrpbDyixbjogcijbdabdyiblal.nombMivan.dfagbhagr,
kiilfgrbobsimacfa.hbdfzibdyodbqohbnfkibobrgohyfgrbasbdiidybfgb.gfhagp
Zigbogjbqazigbjogcijbdaridyim,bqazigbjogcijbdaridyim,bzigbjogcij
daridyim,bohbyotomjbyojbuma.rydbdyizbdaridyimpbOdbsfmhd,bdyixbqimibo
zimibhdamzbasbcaomhibmijbcolhbogjbcaomhibqaannigbmorh;bu.d,bohbdyix
sfnnijbdyiblnoci,bogjbhdallijbdabjogciboua.dbN.cfi,bhazibryohdnx
ollomfdfagbasbobjogci-sfr.mibragibmovfgrbzojbomahibozagrbdyizpbDyix
ojvogcij,bmidmiodij,bhdm.ckbodbagibogadyim'hbyogjh,bcn.dcyijbodbagi
ogadyim'hbyiojh,bhl.gbma.gjbonagi,bco.rydbagibogadyimbogjbhl.gbma.gj
fgblofmh,b.gdfnbzogxbasbdyizbjmallijpbQyfnibdyahibqimibjaqg,bdyibmihd
nfgkijbyogjbfgbyogj,bogjbonnbhl.gbma.gjbdaridyim:bdyigbdyibmfgrbumaki,
ogjbfgbhilomodibmfgrhbasbdqabogjbsa.mbdyixbd.mgijbogjbd.mgijb.gdfnbdyix
onnbhdallijbodbagci,buirogborofg,bhdm.ck,bcn.dcyij,bogjbdami,bogjbdyig
mivimhijbdyibhlfg,bogjbonnbhl.gbma.gjbogadyimbqoxpbH.jjignxbdyixbhdallij
orofg,blo.hij,bhdm.ckba.dbdyibdfzibosmihy,bsamzijbfgdabnfgihbdyibqfjdy
asbdyibl.unfcbqox,bogj,bqfdybdyifmbyiojhbnaqbjaqgbogjbdyifmbyogjhbyfry
.l,bhqaalijbhcmiozfgrbasspbGabsfrydbca.njbyovibuiigbyonsbhabdimmfuni
ohbdyfhbjogcipbFdbqohbhabizlyodfconnxbobsonnigbhlamd--obhazidyfgr,bagci
fggacigd,bjinfvimijbavimbdabonnbjivfnmx--obyiondyxblohdfzibcyogrijbfgda
obzioghbasbogrimfgrbdyibunaaj,buiqfnjimfgrbdyibhighih,bogjbhdiinfgrbdyi
yiomdpbH.cybrmocibohbqohbvfhfunibfgbfd,bzojibfdbdyib.rnfim,bhyaqfgrbyaq
qomlijbogjblimvimdijbonnbdyfgrhbraajbuxbgod.mibqimibuicazipbDyibzofjignx
uahazbuomijbdabdyfh,bdyiblmiddxbonzahd-cyfnj'hbyiojbdy.hbjfhdmocdij,bdyi
jinfcodibsaadbzfgcfgrbfgbdyfhbhna.rybasbunaajbogjbjfmd,bqimibdxlihbas
dyibjfh afgdijbdfzip

DyfhbqohbdyibComzorganipbOhbfdblohhij,bniovfgrbN.cfibsmfrydigijbogj
uiqfnjimijbfgbdyibjaamqoxbasbdyibqaaj-hoqxim'hbya.hi,bdyibsiodyimxbhgaq
sinnbohbw.fidnxbogjbnoxbohbqyfdibogjbhasd,bohbfsbfdbyojbgivimbuiigp

“Abzxbsodyim!”bsambyibhdaajbuisamibyimbqyigbhyibnfsdijb.lbdyibixihbhyi
yojbzazigdomfnxbjomkigijbqfdybyimbyogj;b“h.cybobcm.in,buojbhfrydp”

“Fbkgaq,bzxbjiom,bFbkgaqpbFbyovibhiigbfdbzogxbdfzihpbJag'dbui
smfrydigij!bGadbagibasbdyizbqa.njbyomzbxa.p”

“Fbozbgadbsmfrydigijbsambzxhins,bzxbsodyimpbU.dbqyigbFbdyfgkbasbzx
y.huogj,bogjbdyibzimcfihbasbdyihiblialni--”

“QibqfnnbhidbyfzbouavibdyifmbzimcfihbvimxbhaagpbFbnisdbyfzbcnfzufgrbda
dyibqfgjaq,bogjbFbcozibdabdinnbxa.pbDyimibfhbgabagibyimibdabhiipbXa.bzox
kfhhbxa.mbyogjbdaqomjhbdyodbyfryihdbhyinvfgrbmaasp”

“Fbjabha,bsodyim,bogjbFbhigjbyfzbzxbHa.nbqfdybfd!”

“Xa.bcoggadbhiibyfz,bzxblaambjiom?”

“Ga,bsodyim,”bhofjbN.cfi,bxiomgfgrbogjbqiilfgrbohbhyibkfhhijbyimbyogj,
“gap”

ObsaadhdilbfgbdyibhgaqpbZojozibJisomripb“Fbhon.dibxa.,bcfdftigihh,”
bsmazbdyibJacdampb“Fbhon.dibxa.,bcfdftigp”bDyfhbfgblohhfgrpbGadyfgrbzamip
ZojozibJisomribragi,bnfkibobhyojaqbavimbdyibqyfdibmaojp

“Rfvibzibxa.mbomz,bzxbnavipbLohhbsmazbyimibqfdybogbofmbasbcyiims.ngihh
ogjbca.mori,bsambyfhbhokipbDyodbqohbqinnbjagi;”bdyixbyojbnisdbdyibhlad;
“fdbhyonnbgadbuibfgbvofgpbCyomnihbfhbh.zzagijbsambda-zammaqp”

“Sambda-zammaq!”

“DyimibfhbgabdfzibdabnahipbFbozbqinnblmilomij,bu.dbdyimibomiblmico.dfagh
dabuibdokig,bdyodbca.njbgadbuibdokigb.gdfnbyibqohbocd.onnxbh.zzagij
uisamibdyibDmfu.gonpbYibyohbgadbmicifvijbdyibgadfcibxid,bu.dbFbkgaq
dyodbyibqfnnblmihigdnxbuibh.zzagijbsambda-zammaq,bogjbmizavijbdabdyi
Cagcfimrimfi;bFbyovibdfzinxbfgsamzodfagpbXa.bomibgadbosmofj?”

Hyibca.njbhcomcinxboghqim,b“Fbdm.hdbfgbxa.p”

“Jabha,bfzlnfcfdnxpbXa.mbh.hlighibfhbgiomnxbigjij,bzxbjomnfgr;byibhyonn
uibmihdamijbdabxa.bqfdyfgbobsiqbya.mh;bFbyovibigcazlohhijbyfzbqfdybivimx
lmadicdfagpbFbz.hdbhiibNammxp”

YibhdallijpbDyimibqohbobyiovxbn.zuimfgrbasbqyiinhbqfdyfgbyiomfgrpbDyix
uadybkgiqbdaabqinnbqyodbfdbziogdpbAgipbDqapbDymiipbDymiibd.zumfnhbsomfgr
oqoxbqfdybdyifmbjmiojbnaojhbavimbdyiby.hyfgrbhgaqp

“Fbz.hdbhiibNammx,”bdyibJacdambmiliodij,bd.mgfgrbyimbogadyimbqoxp

Dyibhdo.gcybanjbrigdnizogbqohbhdfnnbfgbyfhbdm.hd;byojbgivimbnisdbfdpbYi
ogjbyfhbuaakhbqimibfgbsmiw.igdbmiw.fhfdfagbohbdablmalimdxbcagsfhcodij
ogjbzojibgodfagonpbQyodbyibca.njbhovibsambdyibaqgimh,byibhovijpbGa
uiddimbzogbnfvfgrbdabyanjbsohdbuxbqyodbDinnhag'hbyojbfgbkiilfgr,bogjbda
yanjbyfhbliocip

Obz.mkxbmijbogjbxinnaqbhkx,bogjbobmfhfgrbzfhdbsmazbdyibHifgi,bjigadij
dyibollmaocybasbjomkgihhpbFdbqohbonzahdbjomkbqyigbdyixbommfvijbodbdyi
UogkpbDyibhdodinxbmihfjigcibasbZaghifrgi.mbqohbondaridyimbunfrydijbogj
jihimdijpbOuavibobyiolbasbj.hdbogjbohyihbfgbdyibca.md,bmogbdyibniddimh:
GodfagonbLmalimdxpbMil.unfcbAgibogjbFgjfvfhfunipbNfuimdx,bIw.onfdx,
Smodimgfdx,bambJiody!

Qyabca.njbdyodbuibqfdybZmpbNammx--dyibaqgimbasbdyibmfjfgr-caodb.lagbdyi
cyofm--qyabz.hdbgadbuibhiig?bSmazbqyazbgiqnxbommfvij,bjfjbyibcaziba.d,
orfdodijbogjbh.mlmfhij,bdabdokibyfhbsova.mfdibfgbyfhbomzh?bDabqyazbjfj
yibolliombdabmiliodbyimbsondimfgrbqamjh,bqyig,bmofhfgrbyfhbvafcibogj
d.mgfgrbyfhbyiojbdaqomjhbdyibjaambasbdyibmaazbsmazbqyfcybyibyojbfhh.ij,
yibhofj:b“MizavijbdabdyibCagcfimrimfi,bogjbh.zzagijbsambda-zammaq?”




VFpbDmf.zly


Dyibjmiojbdmfu.gonbasbsfvib .jrih,bL.unfcbLmahic.dam,bogjbjidimzfgij
 .mx,bhodbivimxbjoxpbDyifmbnfhdhbqigdbsamdybivimxbivigfgr,bogjbqimi
miojba.dbuxbdyibroanimhbasbdyibvomfa.hblmfhaghbdabdyifmblmfhagimhpbDyi
hdogjomjbroanim- akibqoh,b“Caziba.dbogjbnfhdigbdabdyibIvigfgrbLolim,bxa.
fghfjibdyimi!”

“CyomnihbIvmizagji,bconnijbJomgox!”

HabodbnohdbuirogbdyibIvigfgrbLolimbodbNobSamcip

Qyigbobgozibqohbconnij,bfdhbaqgimbhdillijbolomdbfgdabobhladbmihimvij
sambdyahibqyabqimibogga.gcijbohbuifgrbdy.hbsodonnxbmicamjijpbCyomnih
Ivmizagji,bconnijbJomgox,byojbmiohagbdabkgaqbdyib.hori;byibyojbhiig
y.gjmijhblohhboqoxbhap

Yfhbunaodijbroanim,bqyabqamibhlicdocnihbdabmiojbqfdy,brnogcijbavimbdyiz
dabohh.mibyfzhinsbdyodbyibyojbdokigbyfhblnoci,bogjbqigdbdyma.rybdyi
nfhd,bzokfgrbobhfzfnombhyamdblo.hibodbiocybgozipbDyimibqimibdqigdx-dymii
gozih,bu.dbagnxbdqigdxbqimibmihlagjijbda;bsambagibasbdyiblmfhagimhbha
h.zzagijbyojbjfijbfgbroanbogjbuiigbsamraddig,bogjbdqabyojbonmiojxbuiig
r.fnnadfgijbogjbsamraddigpbDyibnfhdbqohbmioj,bfgbdyibvo.ndijbcyozuim
qyimibJomgoxbyojbhiigbdyibohhacfodijblmfhagimhbagbdyibgfrydbasbyfh
ommfvonpbIvimxbagibasbdyahibyojblimfhyijbfgbdyibzohhocmi;bivimxby.zog
cmiod.mibyibyojbhfgcibcomijbsambogjblomdijbqfdy,byojbjfijbagbdyi
hcossanjp

Dyimibqimiby.mmfijbqamjhbasbsomiqinnbogjbkfgjgihh,bu.dbdyiblomdfgrbqoh
haagbavimpbFdbqohbdyibfgcfjigdbasbivimxbjox,bogjbdyibhacfidxbasbNobSamci
qimibigrorijbfgbdyiblmilomodfagbasbhazibrozihbasbsamsifdhbogjbobnfddni
cagcimd,bsambdyodbivigfgrpbDyixbcmaqjijbdabdyibrmodihbogjbhyijbdiomh
dyimi;bu.d,bdqigdxblnocihbfgbdyiblma icdijbigdimdofgzigdhbyojbdabui
misfnnij,bogjbdyibdfzibqoh,bodbuihd,bhyamdbdabdyibnack-.lbya.m,bqyigbdyi
cazzagbmaazhbogjbcammfjamhbqa.njbuibjinfvimijbavimbdabdyibrmiodbjarh
qyabkildbqodcybdyimibdyma.rybdyibgfrydpbDyiblmfhagimhbqimibsombsmaz
fghighfunibamb.gsiinfgr;bdyifmbqoxhbomahiba.dbasbdyibcagjfdfagbasbdyi
dfzipbHfzfnomnx,bdya.rybqfdybobh.udnibjfssimigci,bobhlicfihbasbsimva.m
ambfgdaefcodfag,bkgaqg,bqfdya.dbja.ud,bdabyovibnijbhaziblimhaghbda
umovibdyibr.fnnadfgib.ggicihhomfnx,bogjbdabjfibuxbfd,bqohbgadbzimi
uaohds.ngihh,bu.dbobqfnjbfgsicdfagbasbdyibqfnjnxbhyokigbl.unfcbzfgjpbFg
hiohaghbasblihdfnigci,bhazibasb.hbqfnnbyovibobhicmidboddmocdfagbdabdyi
jfhiohi--obdimmfuniblohhfgrbfgcnfgodfagbdabjfibasbfdpbOgjbonnbasb.hbyovi
nfkibqagjimhbyfjjigbfgba.mbumiohdh,bagnxbgiijfgrbcfmc.zhdogcihbdabivaki
dyizp

DyiblohhoribdabdyibCagcfimrimfibqohbhyamdbogjbjomk;bdyibgfrydbfgbfdh
vimzfg-yo.gdijbcinnhbqohbnagrbogjbcanjpbGiedbjox,bsfsdiigblmfhagimhbqimi
l.dbdabdyibuombuisamibCyomnihbJomgox'hbgozibqohbconnijpbOnnbdyibsfsdiig
qimibcagjizgij,bogjbdyibdmfonhbasbdyibqyanibacc.lfijbogbya.mbogjbobyonsp

“CyomnihbIvmizagji,bconnijbJomgox,”bqohbodbnigrdybommofrgijp

Yfhb .jrihbhodb.lagbdyibUigcybfgbsiodyimijbyodh;bu.dbdyibma.rybmijbcol
ogjbdmfcana.mijbcackojibqohbdyibyioj-jmihhbadyimqfhiblmivofnfgrpbNaakfgr
odbdyib .mxbogjbdyibd.mu.nigdbo.jfigci,byibzfrydbyovibdya.rydbdyodbdyi
.h.onbamjimbasbdyfgrhbqohbmivimhij,bogjbdyodbdyibsinaghbqimibdmxfgrbdyi
yagihdbzigpbDyibnaqihd,bcm.inihd,bogjbqamhdblal.nocibasbobcfdx,bgivim
qfdya.dbfdhbw.ogdfdxbasbnaq,bcm.in,bogjbuoj,bqimibdyibjfmicdfgr
hlfmfdhbasbdyibhcigi:bgafhfnxbcazzigdfgr,bollno.jfgr,bjfhollmavfgr,
ogdfcflodfgr,bogjblmicflfdodfgrbdyibmih.nd,bqfdya.dbobcyickpbAsbdyibzig,
dyibrmiodimblomdbqimibomzijbfgbvomfa.hbqoxh;basbdyibqazig,bhazibqami
kgfvih,bhazibjorrimh,bhazibodibogjbjmogkbohbdyixbnaakijbag,bzogx
kgfddijpbOzagrbdyihibnohd,bqohbagi,bqfdybobhlomiblficibasbkgfddfgrb.gjim
yimbomzbohbhyibqamkijpbHyibqohbfgbobsmagdbmaq,buxbdyibhfjibasbobzogbqyaz
yibyojbgivimbhiigbhfgcibyfhbommfvonbodbdyibUommfim,bu.dbqyazbyibjfmicdnx
mizizuimijbohbJisomripbYibgadfcijbdyodbhyibagcibambdqfcibqyfhlimijbfg
yfhbiom,bogjbdyodbhyibhiizijbdabuibyfhbqfsi;bu.d,bqyodbyibzahdbgadfcij
fgbdyibdqabsfr.mihbqoh,bdyodbondya.rybdyixbqimiblahdijbohbcnahibda
yfzhinsbohbdyixbca.njbui,bdyixbgivimbnaakijbdaqomjhbyfzpbDyixbhiizijbda
uibqofdfgrbsambhazidyfgrbqfdybobjarrijbjidimzfgodfag,bogjbdyixbnaakijbod
dyib .mx,bu.dbodbgadyfgrbinhipb.gjimbdyibLmihfjigdbhodbJacdambZogiddi,
fgbyfhb.h.onbw.fidbjmihhpbOhbqinnbohbdyiblmfhagimbca.njbhii,byibogjbZmp
Nammxbqimibdyibagnxbzigbdyimi,b.gcaggicdijbqfdybdyibDmfu.gon,bqya
qamibdyifmb.h.onbcnadyih,bogjbyojbgadbohh.zijbdyibcaomhibromubasbdyi
Comzorganip

CyomnihbIvmizagji,bconnijbJomgox,bqohbocc.hijbuxbdyibl.unfcblmahic.dam
ohbogbizfrmogd,bqyahibnfsibqohbsamsifdbdabdyibMil.unfc,b.gjimbdyibjicmii
qyfcybuogfhyijbonnbizfrmogdhbagblofgbasbJiodypbFdbqohbgadyfgrbdyodbdyi
jicmiibuamibjodibhfgcibyfhbmid.mgbdabSmogcipbDyimibyibqoh,bogjbdyimibqoh
dyibjicmii;byibyojbuiigbdokigbfgbSmogci,bogjbyfhbyiojbqohbjizogjijp

“Dokibassbyfhbyioj!”bcmfijbdyibo.jfigcipb“OgbigizxbdabdyibMil.unfc!”

DyibLmihfjigdbmogrbyfhbuinnbdabhfnigcibdyahibcmfih,bogjbohkijbdyi
lmfhagimbqyidyimbfdbqohbgadbdm.ibdyodbyibyojbnfvijbzogxbxiomhbfg
Igrnogj?

.gja.udijnxbfdbqohp

Qohbyibgadbogbizfrmogdbdyig?bQyodbjfjbyibconnbyfzhins?

Gadbogbizfrmogd,byibyalij,bqfdyfgbdyibhighibogjbhlfmfdbasbdyibnoqp

Qyxbgad?bdyibLmihfjigdbjihfmijbdabkgaqp

Uico.hibyibyojbvan.gdomfnxbminfgw.fhyijbobdfdnibdyodbqohbjfhdohdis.n
dabyfz,bogjbobhdodfagbdyodbqohbjfhdohdis.nbdabyfz,bogjbyojbnisd
yfhbca.gdmx--yibh.uzfddijbuisamibdyibqamjbizfrmogdbfgbdyiblmihigd
occildodfagbuxbdyibDmfu.gonbqohbfgb.hi--dabnfvibuxbyfhbaqgbfgj.hdmxbfg
Igrnogj,bmodyimbdyogbagbdyibfgj.hdmxbasbdyibavimnojigblialnibasbSmogcip

Qyodblmaasbyojbyibasbdyfh?

Yibyogjijbfgbdyibgozihbasbdqabqfdgihhih;bDyialyfnibRouinni,bogj
OnieogjmibZogiddip

U.dbyibyojbzommfijbfgbIgrnogj?bdyibLmihfjigdbmizfgjijbyfzp

Dm.i,bu.dbgadbogbIgrnfhybqazogp

ObcfdftigihhbasbSmogci?

XihpbUxbufmdyp

Yimbgozibogjbsozfnx?

“N.cfibZogiddi,bagnxbjo.rydimbasbJacdambZogiddi,bdyibraajblyxhfcfogbqya
hfdhbdyimip”

Dyfhboghqimbyojbobyollxbissicdb.lagbdyibo.jfigcipbCmfihbfgbieondodfag
asbdyibqinn-kgaqgbraajblyxhfcfogbmigdbdyibyonnpbHabcolmfcfa.hnxbqimi
dyiblialnibzavij,bdyodbdiomhbfzzijfodinxbmannijbjaqgbhivimonbsimacfa.h
ca.gdigogcihbqyfcybyojbuiigbrnomfgrbodbdyiblmfhagimbobzazigdbuisami,boh
fsbqfdybfzlodfigcibdabln.ckbyfzba.dbfgdabdyibhdmiidhbogjbkfnnbyfzp

Agbdyihibsiqbhdilhbasbyfhbjogrima.hbqox,bCyomnihbJomgoxbyojbhidbyfhbsaad
occamjfgrbdabJacdambZogiddi'hbmifdimodijbfghdm.cdfaghpbDyibhozibco.dfa.h
ca.ghinbjfmicdijbivimxbhdilbdyodbnoxbuisamibyfz,bogjbyojblmilomijbivimx
fgcybasbyfhbmaojp

DyibLmihfjigdbohkij,bqyxbyojbyibmid.mgijbdabSmogcibqyigbyibjfj,bogjbgad
haagim?

Yibyojbgadbmid.mgijbhaagim,byibmilnfij,bhfzlnxbuico.hibyibyojbgabziogh
asbnfvfgrbfgbSmogci,bhovibdyahibyibyojbmihfrgij;bqyimioh,bfgbIgrnogj,
yibnfvijbuxbrfvfgrbfghdm.cdfagbfgbdyibSmigcybnogr.oribogjbnfdimod.mip
Yibyojbmid.mgijbqyigbyibjfj,bagbdyiblmihhfgrbogjbqmfddigbigdmiodxbas
obSmigcybcfdftig,bqyabmilmihigdijbdyodbyfhbnfsibqohbigjogrimijbuxbyfh
ouhigcipbYibyojbcazibuock,bdabhovibobcfdftig'hbnfsi,bogjbdabuiombyfh
dihdfzagx,bodbqyodivimblimhagonbyotomj,bdabdyibdm.dypbQohbdyodbcmfzfgon
fgbdyibixihbasbdyibMil.unfc?

Dyiblal.nocibcmfijbigdy.hfohdfconnx,b“Ga!”bogjbdyibLmihfjigdbmogrbyfh
uinnbdabw.fidbdyizpbQyfcybfdbjfjbgad,bsambdyixbcagdfg.ijbdabcmxb“Ga!”
b.gdfnbdyixbnisdbass,basbdyifmbaqgbqfnnp

DyibLmihfjigdbmiw.fmijbdyibgozibasbdyodbcfdftigpbDyibocc.hijbielnofgij
dyodbdyibcfdftigbqohbyfhbsfmhdbqfdgihhpbYibonhabmisimmijbqfdybcagsfjigci
dabdyibcfdftig'hbniddim,bqyfcybyojbuiigbdokigbsmazbyfzbodbdyibUommfim,
u.dbqyfcybyibjfjbgadbja.udbqa.njbuibsa.gjbozagrbdyiblolimhbdyigbuisami
dyibLmihfjigdp

DyibJacdambyojbdokigbcomibdyodbfdbhya.njbuibdyimi--yojbohh.mijbyfzbdyod
fdbqa.njbuibdyimi--ogjbodbdyfhbhdoribasbdyiblmaciijfgrhbfdbqohblmaj.cij
ogjbmiojpbCfdftigbRouinnibqohbconnijbdabcagsfmzbfd,bogjbjfjbhapbCfdftig
Rouinnibyfgdij,bqfdybfgsfgfdibjinfcocxbogjblanfdigihh,bdyodbfgbdyi
lmihh.mibasbu.hfgihhbfzlahijbagbdyibDmfu.gonbuxbdyibz.ndfd.jibas
igizfihbasbdyibMil.unfcbqfdybqyfcybfdbyojbdabjion,byibyojbuiigbhnfrydnx
avimnaakijbfgbyfhblmfhagbasbdyibOuuoxi--fgbsocd,byojbmodyimblohhijba.d
asbdyibDmfu.gon'hblodmfadfcbmizizumogci--.gdfnbdymiibjoxhbora;bqyigbyi
yojbuiigbh.zzagijbuisamibfd,bogjbyojbuiigbhidbodbnfuimdxbagbdyib .mx'h
jicnomfgrbdyizhinvihbhodfhsfijbdyodbdyibocc.hodfagborofghdbyfzbqoh
oghqimij,bohbdabyfzhins,buxbdyibh.mmigjimbasbdyibcfdftigbIvmizagji,
connijbJomgoxp

JacdambZogiddibqohbgiedbw.ihdfagijpbYfhbyfryblimhagonblal.nomfdx,
ogjbdyibcniomgihhbasbyfhboghqimh,bzojibobrmiodbfzlmihhfag;bu.d,bohbyi
lmaciijij,bohbyibhyaqijbdyodbdyibOcc.hijbqohbyfhbsfmhdbsmfigjbagbyfh
miniohibsmazbyfhbnagrbfzlmfhagzigd;bdyod,bdyibocc.hijbyojbmizofgijbfg
Igrnogj,bonqoxhbsofdys.nbogjbjivadijbdabyfhbjo.rydimbogjbyfzhinsbfg
dyifmbiefni;bdyod,bhabsombsmazbuifgrbfgbsova.mbqfdybdyibOmfhdacmod
ravimgzigdbdyimi,byibyojbocd.onnxbuiigbdmfijbsambyfhbnfsibuxbfd,boh
dyibsaibasbIgrnogjbogjbsmfigjbasbdyib.gfdijbHdodih--ohbyibuma.rydbdyihi
cfmc.zhdogcihbfgdabvfiq,bqfdybdyibrmiodihdbjfhcmidfagbogjbqfdybdyi
hdmofrydsamqomjbsamcibasbdm.dybogjbiomgihdgihh,bdyib .mxbogjbdyi
lal.nocibuicozibagipbOdbnohd,bqyigbyibollionijbuxbgozibdabZaghfi.m
Nammx,bogbIgrnfhybrigdnizogbdyigbogjbdyimiblmihigd,bqya,bnfkibyfzhins,
yojbuiigbobqfdgihhbagbdyodbIgrnfhybdmfonbogjbca.njbcammauamodibyfh
occa.gdbasbfd,bdyib .mxbjicnomijbdyodbdyixbyojbyiomjbiga.ry,bogjbdyod
dyixbqimibmiojxbqfdybdyifmbvadihbfsbdyibLmihfjigdbqimibcagdigdbda
micifvibdyizp

Odbivimxbvadib(dyib .mxzigbvadijbona.jbogjbfgjfvfj.onnx),bdyiblal.noci
hidb.lbobhya.dbasbollno.hipbOnnbdyibvafcihbqimibfgbdyiblmfhagim'h
sova.m,bogjbdyibLmihfjigdbjicnomijbyfzbsmiip

Dyig,buirogbagibasbdyahibiedmoamjfgomxbhcigihbqfdybqyfcybdyiblal.noci
hazidfzihbrmodfsfijbdyifmbsfcknigihh,bambdyifmbuiddimbfzl.nhihbdaqomjh
rigimahfdxbogjbzimcx,bambqyfcybdyixbmiromjijbohbhazibhid-assborofghd
dyifmbhqannigbocca.gdbasbcm.inbmoripbGabzogbcogbjicfjibgaqbdabqyfcybas
dyihibzadfvihbh.cybiedmoamjfgomxbhcigihbqimibmisimouni;bfdbfhblmauouni,
dabobunigjfgrbasbonnbdyibdymii,bqfdybdyibhicagjblmijazfgodfgrpbGabhaagim
qohbdyibocw.fddonblmaga.gcij,bdyogbdiomhbqimibhyijbohbsmiinxbohbunaaj
odbogadyimbdfzi,bogjbh.cybsmodimgonbizumocihbqimibuihdaqijb.lagbdyi
lmfhagimbuxbohbzogxbasbuadybhieihbohbca.njbm.hybodbyfz,bdyodbosdim
yfhbnagrbogjb.gqyanihazibcagsfgizigdbyibqohbfgbjogrimbasbsofgdfgrbsmaz
ieyo.hdfag;bgagibdyibnihhbuico.hibyibkgiqbvimxbqinn,bdyodbdyibvimxbhozi
lialni,bcommfijbuxbogadyimbc.mmigd,bqa.njbyovibm.hyijbodbyfzbqfdy
dyibvimxbhozibfgdighfdx,bdabmigjbyfzbdablficihbogjbhdmiqbyfzbavimbdyi
hdmiidhp

Yfhbmizavon,bdabzokibqoxbsambadyimbocc.hijblimhaghbqyabqimibdabuibdmfij,
mihc.ijbyfzbsmazbdyihibcomihhihbsambdyibzazigdpbSfvibqimibdabuibdmfij
daridyim,bgied,bohbigizfihbasbdyibMil.unfc,bsamohz.cybohbdyixbyojbgad
ohhfhdijbfdbuxbqamjbambjiijpbHabw.fckbqohbdyibDmfu.gonbdabcazlighodi
fdhinsbogjbdyibgodfagbsambobcyogcibnahd,bdyodbdyihibsfvibcozibjaqgbda
yfzbuisamibyibnisdbdyiblnoci,bcagjizgijbdabjfibqfdyfgbdqigdx-sa.m
ya.mhpbDyibsfmhdbasbdyizbdanjbyfzbha,bqfdybdyibc.hdazomxblmfhagbhfrg
asbJiody--obmofhijbsfgrim--ogjbdyixbonnbojjijbfgbqamjh,b“Nagrbnfvibdyi
Mil.unfc!”

Dyibsfvibyojbyoj,bfdbfhbdm.i,bgabo.jfigcibdabnigrdyigbdyifmblmaciijfgrh,
sambqyigbyibogjbJacdambZogiddibizimrijbsmazbdyibrodi,bdyimibqohbobrmiod
cmaqjboua.dbfd,bfgbqyfcybdyimibhiizijbdabuibivimxbsocibyibyojbhiigbfg
Ca.md--iecildbdqa,bsambqyfcybyibnaakijbfgbvofgpbAgbyfhbcazfgrba.d,bdyi
cagca.mhibzojibodbyfzbogiq,bqiilfgr,bizumocfgr,bogjbhya.dfgr,bonnbux
d.mghbogjbonnbdaridyim,b.gdfnbdyibvimxbdfjibasbdyibmfvimbagbdyibuogkbas
qyfcybdyibzojbhcigibqohbocdij,bhiizijbdabm.gbzoj,bnfkibdyiblialnibagbdyi
hyamip

Dyixbl.dbyfzbfgdabobrmiodbcyofmbdyixbyojbozagrbdyiz,bogjbqyfcybdyixbyoj
dokigbifdyimba.dbasbdyibCa.mdbfdhins,bambagibasbfdhbmaazhbamblohhorihp
Avimbdyibcyofmbdyixbyojbdymaqgbobmijbsnor,bogjbdabdyibuockbasbfdbdyix
yojbua.gjboblfkibqfdybobmijbcolbagbfdhbdalpbFgbdyfhbcombasbdmf.zly,bgad
ivigbdyibJacdam'hbigdmiodfihbca.njblmivigdbyfhbuifgrbcommfijbdabyfhbyazi
agbzig'hbhya.njimh,bqfdybobcags.hijbhiobasbmijbcolhbyiovfgrboua.dbyfz,
ogjbcohdfgrb.lbdabhfrydbsmazbdyibhdamzxbjiilbh.cybqmickhbasbsocih,bdyod
yibzamibdyogbagcibzfhja.udijbyfhbzfgjbuifgrbfgbcags.hfag,bogjbdyodbyi
qohbfgbdyibd.zumfnbagbyfhbqoxbdabdyibR.fnnadfgip

Fgbqfnjbjmioznfkiblmacihhfag,bizumocfgrbqyazbdyixbzidbogjblafgdfgr
yfzba.d,bdyixbcommfijbyfzbagpbMijjigfgrbdyibhgaqxbhdmiidhbqfdybdyi
lmivofnfgrbMil.unfcogbcana.m,bfgbqfgjfgrbogjbdmozlfgrbdyma.rybdyiz,boh
dyixbyojbmijjigijbdyizbuinaqbdyibhgaqbqfdybobjiilimbjxi,bdyixbcommfij
yfzbdy.hbfgdabdyibca.mdxomjbasbdyibu.fnjfgrbqyimibyibnfvijpbYimbsodyim
yojbragibagbuisami,bdablmilomibyim,bogjbqyigbyimby.huogjbhdaajb.lagbyfh
siid,bhyibjmallijbfghighfunibfgbyfhbomzhp

Ohbyibyinjbyimbdabyfhbyiomdbogjbd.mgijbyimbuio.dfs.nbyiojbuidqiigbyfh
socibogjbdyibumoqnfgrbcmaqj,bhabdyodbyfhbdiomhbogjbyimbnflhbzfrydbcazi
daridyimb.ghiig,bobsiqbasbdyiblialnibsinnbdabjogcfgrpbFghdogdnx,bonnbdyi
mihdbsinnbdabjogcfgr,bogjbdyibca.mdxomjbavimsnaqijbqfdybdyibComzorganip
Dyig,bdyixbinivodijbfgdabdyibvocogdbcyofmbobxa.grbqazogbsmazbdyi
cmaqjbdabuibcommfijbohbdyibRajjihhbasbNfuimdx,bogjbdyigbhqinnfgrbogj
avimsnaqfgrba.dbfgdabdyiboj ocigdbhdmiidh,bogjbonagrbdyibmfvim'hbuogk,
ogjbavimbdyibumfjri,bdyibComzorganibouhamuijbdyizbivimxbagibogjbqyfmnij
dyizboqoxp

OsdimbrmohlfgrbdyibJacdam'hbyogj,bohbyibhdaajbvfcdamfa.hbogjblma.j
uisamibyfz;bosdimbrmohlfgrbdyibyogjbasbZmpbNammx,bqyabcoziblogdfgrbfg
umiodynihhbsmazbyfhbhdm.rrniborofghdbdyibqodimhla.dbasbdyibComzorgani;
osdimbkfhhfgrbnfddnibN.cfi,bqyabqohbnfsdijb.lbdabcnohlbyimbomzhbma.gj
yfhbgick;bogjbosdimbizumocfgrbdyibivimbtiona.hbogjbsofdys.nbLmahhbqya
nfsdijbyim;byibdaakbyfhbqfsibfgbyfhbomzh,bogjbcommfijbyimb.lbdabdyifm
maazhp

“N.cfi!bZxbaqg!bFbozbhosip”

“AbjiomihdbCyomnih,bnidbzibdyogkbRajbsambdyfhbagbzxbkgiihbohbFbyovi
lmoxijbdabYfzp”

DyixbonnbmivimigdnxbuaqijbdyifmbyiojhbogjbyiomdhpbQyigbhyibqohborofgbfg
yfhbomzh,byibhofjbdabyim:

“Ogjbgaqbhliokbdabxa.mbsodyim,bjiomihdpbGabadyimbzogbfgbonnbdyfhbSmogci
ca.njbyovibjagibqyodbyibyohbjagibsambzip”

Hyibnofjbyimbyiojb.lagbyimbsodyim'hbumiohd,bohbhyibyojbnofjbyfhblaam
yiojbagbyimbaqgbumiohd,bnagr,bnagrborapbYibqohbyollxbfgbdyibmid.mgbyi
yojbzojibyim,byibqohbmicazlighijbsambyfhbh.ssimfgr,byibqohblma.jbasbyfh
hdmigrdypb“Xa.bz.hdbgadbuibqiok,bzxbjomnfgr,”byibmizaghdmodij;b“jag'd
dmizunibhapbFbyovibhovijbyfzp”




VFFpbObKgackbodbdyibJaam


“Fbyovibhovijbyfzp”bFdbqohbgadbogadyimbasbdyibjmiozhbfgbqyfcybyibyoj
asdigbcazibuock;byibqohbmionnxbyimipbOgjbxidbyfhbqfsibdmizunij,bogjbo
vor.ibu.dbyiovxbsiombqohb.lagbyimp

Onnbdyibofmbma.gjbqohbhabdyfckbogjbjomk,bdyiblialnibqimibhablohhfagodinx
mivigris.nbogjbsfds.n,bdyibfggacigdbqimibhabcaghdogdnxbl.dbdabjiodybag
vor.ibh.hlfcfagbogjbunockbzonfci,bfdbqohbhabfzlahhfunibdabsamridbdyod
zogxbohbunozinihhbohbyimby.huogjbogjbohbjiombdabadyimhbohbyibqohbda
yim,bivimxbjoxbhyomijbdyibsodibsmazbqyfcybyibyojbuiigbcn.dcyij,bdyodbyim
yiomdbca.njbgadbuibohbnfrydigijbasbfdhbnaojbohbhyibsindbfdba.rydbdabuip
Dyibhyojaqhbasbdyibqfgdmxbosdimgaagbqimibuirfggfgrbdabsonn,bogjbivigbgaq
dyibjmiojs.nbcomdhbqimibmannfgrbdyma.rybdyibhdmiidhpbYimbzfgjbl.mh.ij
dyiz,bnaakfgrbsambyfzbozagrbdyibCagjizgij;bogjbdyigbhyibcn.grbcnahimbda
yfhbmionblmihigcibogjbdmizunijbzamip

Yimbsodyim,bcyiimfgrbyim,bhyaqijbobcazlohhfagodibh.limfamfdxbdabdyfh
qazog'hbqiokgihh,bqyfcybqohbqagjims.nbdabhiipbGabrommid,bgabhyaizokfgr,
gabAgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqim,bgaq!bYibyojboccazlnfhyijbdyibdohk
yibyojbhidbyfzhins,byfhblmazfhibqohbmijiizij,byibyojbhovijbCyomnihpbNid
dyizbonnbniogb.lagbyfzp

Dyifmbya.hikiilfgrbqohbasbobvimxbsm.ronbkfgj:bgadbagnxbuico.hibdyodbqoh
dyibhosihdbqoxbasbnfsi,bfgvanvfgrbdyibniohdbassigcibdabdyiblialni,bu.d
uico.hibdyixbqimibgadbmfcy,bogjbCyomnih,bdyma.rya.dbyfhbfzlmfhagzigd,
yojbyojbdabloxbyiovfnxbsambyfhbuojbsaaj,bogjbsambyfhbr.omj,bogjbdaqomjh
dyibnfvfgrbasbdyiblaamimblmfhagimhpbLomdnxbagbdyfhbocca.gd,bogj
lomdnxbdabovafjbobjazihdfcbhlx,bdyixbkildbgabhimvogd;bdyibcfdftigbogj
cfdftigihhbqyabocdijbohblamdimhbodbdyibca.mdxomjbrodi,bmigjimijbdyiz
accohfagonbhimvfci;bogjb immxb(onzahdbqyannxbdmoghsimmijbdabdyizbux
ZmpbNammx)byojbuicazibdyifmbjofnxbmidofgim,bogjbyojbyfhbuijbdyimibivimx
gfrydp

FdbqohbogbamjfgogcibasbdyibMil.unfcbAgibogjbFgjfvfhfunibasbNfuimdx,
Iw.onfdx,bSmodimgfdx,bambJiody,bdyodbagbdyibjaambambjaamlahdbasbivimx
ya.hi,bdyibgozibasbivimxbfgzodibz.hdbuibnirfunxbfghcmfuijbfgbniddimh
asbobcimdofgbhfti,bodbobcimdofgbcagvigfigdbyifrydbsmazbdyibrma.gjpbZmp
 immxbCm.gcyim'hbgozi,bdyimisami,bj.nxbizuinnfhyijbdyibjaamlahdbjaqg
uinaq;bogj,bohbdyibosdimgaagbhyojaqhbjiiligij,bdyibaqgimbasbdyodbgozi
yfzhinsbolliomij,bsmazbavimnaakfgrboblofgdimbqyazbJacdambZogiddibyoj
izlnaxijbdabojjbdabdyibnfhdbdyibgozibasbCyomnihbIvmizagji,bconnij
Jomgoxp

Fgbdyib.gfvimhonbsiombogjbjfhdm.hdbdyodbjomkigijbdyibdfzi,bonnbdyib.h.on
yomznihhbqoxhbasbnfsibqimibcyogrijpbFgbdyibJacdam'hbnfddnibya.hiyanj,boh
fgbvimxbzogxbadyimh,bdyibomdfcnihbasbjofnxbcagh.zldfagbdyodbqimibqogdij
qimibl.mcyohijbivimxbivigfgr,bfgbhzonnbw.ogdfdfihbogjbodbvomfa.hbhzonn
hyalhpbDabovafjboddmocdfgrbgadfci,bogjbdabrfvibohbnfddnibaccohfagboh
lahhfunibsambdonkbogjbigvx,bqohbdyibrigimonbjihfmip

Sambhazibzagdyhblohd,bZfhhbLmahhbogjbZmpbCm.gcyimbyojbjfhcyomrijbdyi
assfcibasbl.mvixamh;bdyibsamzimbcommxfgrbdyibzagix;bdyibnoddim,bdyi
uohkidpbIvimxbosdimgaagbodboua.dbdyibdfzibqyigbdyibl.unfcbnozlhbqimi
nfrydij,bdyixbsomijbsamdybagbdyfhbj.dx,bogjbzojibogjbuma.rydbyazi
h.cybl.mcyohihbohbqimibgiijs.npbOndya.rybZfhhbLmahh,bdyma.rybyimbnagr
ohhacfodfagbqfdybobSmigcybsozfnx,bzfrydbyovibkgaqgbohbz.cybasbdyifm
nogr.oribohbasbyimbaqg,bfsbhyibyojbyojbobzfgj,bhyibyojbgabzfgjbfgbdyod
jfmicdfag;bcaghiw.igdnxbhyibkgiqbgabzamibasbdyodb“gaghighi”b(ohbhyibqoh
lniohijbdabconnbfd)bdyogbZmpbCm.gcyimbjfjpbHabyimbzoggimbasbzomkidfgr
qohbdabln.zlbobga.g-h.uhdogdfvibodbdyibyiojbasbobhyalkiilimbqfdya.dbogx
fgdmaj.cdfagbfgbdyibgod.mibasbogbomdfcni,bogj,bfsbfdbyolligijbgadbdabui
dyibgozibasbdyibdyfgrbhyibqogdij,bdabnaakbma.gjbsambdyodbdyfgr,bnoxbyanj
asbfd,bogjbyanjbagbuxbfdb.gdfnbdyibuomrofgbqohbcagcn.jijpbHyibonqoxh
zojibobuomrofgbsambfd,buxbyanjfgrb.l,bohbobhdodizigdbasbfdhb .hdblmfci,
agibsfgrimbnihhbdyogbdyibzimcyogdbyinjb.l,bqyodivimbyfhbg.zuimbzfrydbuip

“Gaq,bZmpbCm.gcyim,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bqyahibixihbqimibmijbqfdybsinfcfdx;
“fsbxa.bomibmiojx,bFbozp”

 immxbyaomhinxblmasihhijbyfzhinsbodbZfhhbLmahh'hbhimvfcipbYibyojbqamg
onnbyfhbm.hdbassbnagrbora,bu.dbgadyfgrbqa.njbsfnibyfhbhlfkxbyiojbjaqgp

“Dyimi'hbonnbzoggimbasbdyfgrhbqogdij,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“ogjbqibhyonn
yoviboblmicfa.hbdfzibasbfdpbQibqogdbqfgi,bozagrbdyibmihdpbGfcibdaohdh
dyihibMijyiojhbqfnnbuibjmfgkfgr,bqyimivimbqibu.xbfdp”

“Fdbqfnnbuibz.cybdyibhozibdabxa.mbkgaqnijri,bzfhh,bFbhya.njbdyfgk,”
bmidamdijb immx,b“qyidyimbdyixbjmfgkbxa.mbyiondybambdyibAnjb.g'hp”

“Qya'hbyi?”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

ZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybhazibjfssfjigci,bielnofgijbyfzhinsbohbziogfgrb“Anj
Gfck'hp”

“Yo!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“fdbjaihg'dbgiijbogbfgdimlmidimbdabielnofgbdyi
ziogfgrbasbdyihibcmiod.mihpbDyixbyovibu.dbagi,bogjbfd'hbZfjgfrydbZ.mjim,
ogjbZfhcyfisp”

“Y.hy,bjiom!bLmox,blmox,buibco.dfa.h!”bcmfijbN.cfip

“Xih,bxih,bxih,bF'nnbuibco.dfa.h,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh;b“u.dbFbzoxbhox
ozagrba.mhinvih,bdyodbFbjabyalibdyimibqfnnbuibgabagfagxbogjbdauoccaix
hzadyimfgrhbfgbdyibsamzbasbizumocfgrhbonnbma.gj,brafgrbagbfgbdyi
hdmiidhpbGaq,bNojxufmj,bgivimbxa.bhdfmbsmazbdyodbsfmibdfnnbFbcazibuock!
Dokibcomibasbdyibjiomby.huogjbxa.byovibmicavimij,bogjbjag'dbzavibxa.m
lmiddxbyiojbsmazbyfhbhya.njimbohbxa.byovibfdbgaq,bdfnnbxa.bhiibziborofg!
ZoxbFbohkbobw.ihdfag,bJacdambZogiddi,buisamibFbra?”

“Fbdyfgkbxa.bzoxbdokibdyodbnfuimdx,”bdyibJacdamboghqimij,bhzfnfgrp

“Sambrmocfa.hbhoki,bjag'dbdonkboua.dbNfuimdx;bqibyovibw.fdibiga.rybas
dyod,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

“Y.hy,bjiom!bOrofg?”bN.cfibmizaghdmodijp

“Qinn,bzxbhqiid,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bgajjfgrbyimbyiojbizlyodfconnx,b“dyi
hyamdbogjbdyibnagrbasbfdbfh,bdyodbFbozbobh.u icdbasbYfhbZahdbRmocfa.h
Zo ihdxbKfgrbRiamribdyibDyfmj;”bZfhhbLmahhbc.mdhixijbodbdyibgozi;b“ogj
ohbh.cy,bzxbzoefzbfh,bCagsa.gjbdyifmblanfdfch,bSm.hdmodibdyifmbkgovfhy
dmfckh,bAgbyfzba.mbyalihbqibsfe,bRajbhovibdyibKfgr!”

ZmpbCm.gcyim,bfgbogboccihhbasbnaxondx,brmaqnfgrnxbmiliodijbdyibqamjh
osdimbZfhhbLmahh,bnfkibhaziuajxbodbcy.mcyp

“Fbozbrnojbxa.byovibhabz.cybasbdyibIgrnfhyzogbfgbxa.,bdya.rybFbqfhybxa.
yojbgivimbdokigbdyodbcanjbfgbxa.mbvafci,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bollmavfgrnxp
“U.dbdyibw.ihdfag,bJacdambZogiddipbFhbdyimi”--fdbqohbdyibraajbcmiod.mi'h
qoxbdabossicdbdabzokibnfrydbasbogxdyfgrbdyodbqohbobrmiodbogefidx
qfdybdyizbonn,bogjbdabcazibodbfdbfgbdyfhbcyogcibzoggim--“fhbdyimibogx
lmahlicdbxid,basba.mbriddfgrba.dbasbdyfhblnoci?”

“FbsiombgadbxidpbFdbqa.njbuibjogrima.hbsambCyomnihbxidp”

“Yifry-ya-y.z!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bcyiims.nnxbmilmihhfgrbobhfrybohbhyi
rnogcijbodbyimbjomnfgr'hbranjigbyofmbfgbdyibnfrydbasbdyibsfmi,b“dyigbqi
z.hdbyoviblodfigcibogjbqofd:bdyod'hbonnpbQibz.hdbyanjb.lba.mbyiojhbogj
sfrydbnaq,bohbzxbumadyimbHanazagb.hijbdabhoxpbGaq,bZmpbCm.gcyim!--Jag'd
xa.bzavi,bNojxufmj!”

Dyixbqigdba.d,bniovfgrbN.cfi,bogjbyimby.huogj,byimbsodyim,bogjbdyi
cyfnj,buxbobumfrydbsfmipbZmpbNammxbqohbielicdijbuockblmihigdnxbsmazbdyi
UogkfgrbYa.hipbZfhhbLmahhbyojbnfrydijbdyibnozl,bu.dbyojbl.dbfdbohfjibfg
obcamgim,bdyodbdyixbzfrydbig axbdyibsfmi-nfrydb.gjfhd.muijpbNfddnibN.cfi
hodbuxbyimbrmogjsodyimbqfdybyimbyogjhbcnohlijbdyma.rybyfhbomz:bogjbyi,
fgbobdagibgadbmfhfgrbz.cybouavibobqyfhlim,buirogbdabdinnbyimbobhdamxbas
obrmiodbogjblaqims.nbSofmxbqyabyojbaligijboblmfhag-qonnbogjbnidba.d
obcoldfvibqyabyojbagcibjagibdyibSofmxbobhimvfcipbOnnbqohbh.uj.ijbogj
w.fid,bogjbN.cfibqohbzamibodbiohibdyogbhyibyojbuiigp

“Qyodbfhbdyod?”bhyibcmfij,bonnbodbagcip

“Zxbjiom!”bhofjbyimbsodyim,bhdallfgrbfgbyfhbhdamx,bogjbnoxfgrbyfhbyogj
agbyimh,b“cazzogjbxa.mhinspbQyodbobjfhamjimijbhdodibxa.bomibfg!bDyi
niohdbdyfgr--gadyfgr--hdomdnihbxa.!b_Xa._,bxa.mbsodyim'hbjo.rydim!”

“Fbdya.ryd,bzxbsodyim,”bhofjbN.cfi,biec.hfgrbyimhins,bqfdyboblonibsoci
ogjbfgbobsondimfgrbvafci,b“dyodbFbyiomjbhdmogribsiidb.lagbdyibhdofmhp”

“Zxbnavi,bdyibhdofmcohibfhbohbhdfnnbohbJiodyp”

Ohbyibhofjbdyibqamj,bobunaqbqohbhdm.ckb.lagbdyibjaamp

“Aybsodyim,bsodyimpbQyodbcogbdyfhbui!bYfjibCyomnihpbHovibyfz!”

“Zxbcyfnj,”bhofjbdyibJacdam,bmfhfgr,bogjbnoxfgrbyfhbyogjb.lagbyim
hya.njim,b“Fb_yovi_bhovijbyfzpbQyodbqiokgihhbfhbdyfh,bzxbjiom!bNidbzibra
dabdyibjaamp”

Yibdaakbdyibnozlbfgbyfhbyogj,bcmahhijbdyibdqabfgdimvigfgrba.dimbmaazh,
ogjbaligijbfdpbObm.jibcnoddimfgrbasbsiidbavimbdyibsnaam,bogjbsa.mbma.ry
zigbfgbmijbcolh,bomzijbqfdybhoumihbogjblfhdanh,bigdimijbdyibmaazp

“DyibCfdftigbIvmizagji,bconnijbJomgox,”bhofjbdyibsfmhdp

“Qyabhiikhbyfz?”boghqimijbJomgoxp

“FbhiikbyfzpbQibhiikbyfzpbFbkgaqbxa.,bIvmizagji;bFbhoqbxa.buisamibdyi
Dmfu.gonbda-joxpbXa.bomiborofgbdyiblmfhagimbasbdyibMil.unfcp”

Dyibsa.mbh.mma.gjijbyfz,bqyimibyibhdaajbqfdybyfhbqfsibogjbcyfnjbcnfgrfgr
dabyfzp

“DinnbzibyaqbogjbqyxbozbFborofgboblmfhagim?”

“Fdbfhbiga.rybdyodbxa.bmid.mgbhdmofrydbdabdyibCagcfimrimfi,bogjbqfnn
kgaqbda-zammaqpbXa.bomibh.zzagijbsambda-zammaqp”

JacdambZogiddi,bqyazbdyfhbvfhfdodfagbyojbhabd.mgijbfgdabhdagi,bdyodbyi
hdaajbqfdybdyibnozlbfgbyfhbyogj,bohbfsbyibqimibobhdod.ibzojibdabyanjbfd,
zavijbosdimbdyihibqamjhbqimibhlakig,bl.dbdyibnozlbjaqg,bogjbcagsmagdfgr
dyibhliokim,bogjbdokfgrbyfz,bgadb.grigdnx,buxbdyibnaahibsmagdbasbyfhbmij
qaannigbhyfmd,bhofj:

“Xa.bkgaqbyfz,bxa.byovibhofjpbJabxa.bkgaqbzi?”

“Xih,bFbkgaqbxa.,bCfdftigbJacdamp”

“Qibonnbkgaqbxa.,bCfdftigbJacdam,”bhofjbdyibadyimbdymiip

Yibnaakijbouhdmocdijnxbsmazbagibdabogadyim,bogjbhofj,bfgbobnaqimbvafci,
osdimboblo.hi:

“Qfnnbxa.boghqimbyfhbw.ihdfagbdabzibdyig?bYaqbjaihbdyfhbyollig?”

“CfdftigbJacdam,”bhofjbdyibsfmhd,bmin.cdogdnx,b“yibyohbuiigbjiga.gcijbda
dyibHicdfagbasbHofgdbOgdafgipbDyfhbcfdftig,”blafgdfgrba.dbdyibhicagjbqya
yojbigdimij,b“fhbsmazbHofgdbOgdafgip”

Dyibcfdftigbyimibfgjfcodijbgajjijbyfhbyioj,bogjbojjij:

“Yibfhbocc.hijbuxbHofgdbOgdafgip”

“Asbqyod?”bohkijbdyibJacdamp

“CfdftigbJacdam,”bhofjbdyibsfmhd,bqfdybyfhbsamzimbmin.cdogci,b“ohkbga
zamipbFsbdyibMil.unfcbjizogjhbhocmfsfcihbsmazbxa.,bqfdya.dbja.udbxa.boh
obraajblodmfadbqfnnbuibyollxbdabzokibdyizpbDyibMil.unfcbraihbuisamibonnp
DyibLialnibfhbh.lmizipbIvmizagji,bqibomiblmihhijp”

“Agibqamj,”bdyibJacdambigdmiodijpb“Qfnnbxa.bdinnbzibqyabjiga.gcijbyfz?”

“Fdbfhborofghdbm.ni,”boghqimijbdyibsfmhd;b“u.dbxa.bcogbohkbYfzbasbHofgd
Ogdafgibyimip”

DyibJacdambd.mgijbyfhbixihb.lagbdyodbzogpbQyabzavijb.giohfnxbagbyfh
siid,bm.uuijbyfhbuiomjbobnfddni,bogjbodbnigrdybhofj:

“Qinn!bDm.nxbfdbfhborofghdbm.nipbU.dbyibfhbjiga.gcij--ogjbrmovinx--ux
dyibCfdftigbogjbCfdftigihhbJisomripbOgjbuxbagibadyimp”

“Qyodbadyim?”

“Jab_xa._bohk,bCfdftigbJacdam?”

“Xihp”

“Dyig,”bhofjbyibasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bqfdybobhdmogribnaak,b“xa.bqfnnbui
oghqimijbda-zammaqpbGaq,bFbozbj.zu!”




VFFFpbObYogjbodbComjh


Yollfnxb.gcaghcfa.hbasbdyibgiqbconozfdxbodbyazi,bZfhhbLmahhbdymiojijbyim
qoxbonagrbdyibgommaqbhdmiidhbogjbcmahhijbdyibmfvimbuxbdyibumfjribasbdyi
Lagd-Gi.s,bmickagfgrbfgbyimbzfgjbdyibg.zuimbasbfgjfhlighounibl.mcyohih
hyibyojbdabzokipbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybdyibuohkid,bqonkijbodbyimbhfjipbDyix
uadybnaakijbdabdyibmfrydbogjbdabdyibnisdbfgdabzahdbasbdyibhyalhbdyix
lohhij,byojbobqomxbixibsambonnbrmiromfa.hbohhizunorihbasblialni,bogj
d.mgijba.dbasbdyifmbmaojbdabovafjbogxbvimxbiecfdijbrma.lbasbdonkimhpbFd
qohbobmoqbivigfgr,bogjbdyibzfhdxbmfvim,bun.mmijbdabdyibixibqfdybunotfgr
nfrydhbogjbdabdyibiombqfdybyomhybgafhih,bhyaqijbqyimibdyibuomrihbqimi
hdodfagijbfgbqyfcybdyibhzfdyhbqamkij,bzokfgrbr.ghbsambdyibOmzxbasbdyi
Mil.unfcpbQaibdabdyibzogbqyablnoxijbdmfckhbqfdyb_dyod_bOmzx,bambrad
.gjihimvijblmazadfagbfgbfd!bUiddimbsambyfzbdyodbyfhbuiomjbyojbgivim
rmaqg,bsambdyibGodfagonbMotambhyovijbyfzbcnahip

Yovfgrbl.mcyohijbobsiqbhzonnbomdfcnihbasbrmacimx,bogjbobzioh.mibasbafn
sambdyibnozl,bZfhhbLmahhbuidya.rydbyimhinsbasbdyibqfgibdyixbqogdijp
Osdimbliilfgrbfgdabhivimonbqfgi-hyalh,bhyibhdallijbodbdyibhfrgbasbdyi
RaajbMil.unfcogbUm.d.hbasbOgdfw.fdx,bgadbsombsmazbdyibGodfagonbLonoci,
agcib(ogjbdqfci)bdyibD.fnimfih,bqyimibdyibohlicdbasbdyfgrhbmodyim
daakbyimbsogcxpbFdbyojbobw.fidimbnaakbdyogbogxbadyimblnocibasbdyibhozi
jihcmfldfagbdyixbyojblohhij,bogj,bdya.rybmijbqfdyblodmfadfcbcolh,bqoh
gadbhabmijbohbdyibmihdpbHa.gjfgrbZmpbCm.gcyim,bogjbsfgjfgrbyfzbasbyim
alfgfag,bZfhhbLmahhbmihamdijbdabdyibRaajbMil.unfcogbUm.d.hbasbOgdfw.fdx,
oddigjijbuxbyimbcovonfimp

Hnfrydnxbauhimvogdbasbdyibhzakxbnfrydh;basbdyiblialni,blflibfgbza.dy,
lnoxfgrbqfdybnfzlbcomjhbogjbxinnaqbjazfgaih;basbdyibagibuomi-umiohdij,
uomi-omzij,bhaad-uirmfzijbqamkzogbmiojfgrbob a.mgonbona.j,bogjbas
dyibadyimhbnfhdigfgrbdabyfz;basbdyibqiolaghbqamg,bambnofjbohfjibdabui
mih.zij;basbdyibdqabambdymiibc.hdazimhbsonnigbsamqomjbohniil,bqyabfgbdyi
lal.nombyfry-hya.njimijbhyorrxbunockbhligcimbnaakij,bfgbdyodboddfd.ji,
nfkibhn.zuimfgrbuiomhbambjarh;bdyibdqaba.dnogjfhybc.hdazimhbollmaocyij
dyibca.gdim,bogjbhyaqijbqyodbdyixbqogdijp

Ohbdyifmbqfgibqohbzioh.mfgrba.d,bobzogblomdijbsmazbogadyimbzogbfgbo
camgim,bogjbmahibdabjilomdpbFgbrafgr,byibyojbdabsocibZfhhbLmahhpbGa
haagimbjfjbyibsocibyim,bdyogbZfhhbLmahhb.ddimijbobhcmioz,bogjbcnollij
yimbyogjhp

Fgbobzazigd,bdyibqyanibcazlogxbqimibagbdyifmbsiidpbDyodbhaziuajxbqoh
ohhohhfgodijbuxbhaziuajxbvfgjfcodfgrbobjfssimigcibasbalfgfagbqohbdyi
nfkinfihdbacc.mmigcipbIvimxuajxbnaakijbdabhiibhaziuajxbsonn,bu.dbagnx
hoqbobzogbogjbobqazogbhdogjfgrbhdomfgrbodbiocybadyim;bdyibzogbqfdybonn
dyiba.dqomjbohlicdbasbobSmigcyzogbogjbobdyama.rybMil.unfcog;bdyibqazog,
ivfjigdnxbIgrnfhyp

Qyodbqohbhofjbfgbdyfhbjfhollafgdfgrbogdf-cnfzoe,buxbdyibjfhcflnihbasbdyi
RaajbMil.unfcogbUm.d.hbasbOgdfw.fdx,biecildbdyodbfdbqohbhazidyfgrbvimx
van.unibogjbna.j,bqa.njbyovibuiigbohbhabz.cybYiumiqbambCyonjiogbdabZfhh
Lmahhbogjbyimblmadicdam,bdya.rybdyixbyojbuiigbonnbiomhpbU.d,bdyixbyojbga
iomhbsambogxdyfgrbfgbdyifmbh.mlmfhipbSam,bfdbz.hdbuibmicamjij,bdyod
gadbagnxbqohbZfhhbLmahhbnahdbfgbozotizigdbogjborfdodfag,bu.d,
ZmpbCm.gcyim--dya.rybfdbhiizijbagbyfhbaqgbhilomodibogjbfgjfvfj.on
occa.gd--qohbfgbobhdodibasbdyibrmiodihdbqagjimp

“Qyodbfhbdyibzoddim?”bhofjbdyibzogbqyabyojbco.hijbZfhhbLmahhbdabhcmioz;
hliokfgrbfgbobvieij,boum.ldbvafcib(dya.rybfgbobnaqbdagi),bogjbfg
Igrnfhyp

“Ay,bHanazag,bjiombHanazag!”bcmfijbZfhhbLmahh,bcnollfgrbyimbyogjhborofgp
“Osdimbgadbhiddfgrbixihb.lagbxa.bambyiomfgrbasbxa.bsambhabnagrbobdfzi,
jabFbsfgjbxa.byimi!”

“Jag'dbconnbzibHanazagpbJabxa.bqogdbdabuibdyibjiodybasbzi?”bohkijbdyi
zog,bfgbobs.mdfvi,bsmfrydigijbqoxp

“Umadyim,bumadyim!”bcmfijbZfhhbLmahh,bu.mhdfgrbfgdabdiomhpb“YovibFbivim
uiigbhabyomjbqfdybxa.bdyodbxa.bohkbzibh.cybobcm.inbw.ihdfag?”

“Dyigbyanjbxa.mbzijjnihazibdagr.i,”bhofjbHanazag,b“ogjbcaziba.d,bfsbxa.
qogdbdabhliokbdabzipbLoxbsambxa.mbqfgi,bogjbcaziba.dpbQya'hbdyfhbzog?”

ZfhhbLmahh,bhyokfgrbyimbnavfgrbogjbji icdijbyiojbodbyimbuxbgabziogh
ossicdfagodibumadyim,bhofjbdyma.rybyimbdiomh,b“ZmpbCm.gcyimp”

“Nidbyfzbcaziba.dbdaa,”bhofjbHanazagpb“Jaihbyibdyfgkbzibobryahd?”

Ollomigdnx,bZmpbCm.gcyimbjfj,bdab .jribsmazbyfhbnaakhpbYibhofjbgadbo
qamj,byaqivim,bogjbZfhhbLmahh,bielnamfgrbdyibjildyhbasbyimbmidfc.ni
dyma.rybyimbdiomhbqfdybrmiodbjfssfc.ndxblofjbsambyimbqfgipbOhbhyibjfj
ha,bHanazagbd.mgijbdabdyibsannaqimhbasbdyibRaajbMil.unfcogbUm.d.h
asbOgdfw.fdx,bogjbassimijbobsiqbqamjhbasbielnogodfagbfgbdyibSmigcy
nogr.ori,bqyfcybco.hijbdyizbonnbdabminolhibfgdabdyifmbsamzimblnocihbogj
l.mh.fdhp

“Gaq,”bhofjbHanazag,bhdallfgrbodbdyibjomkbhdmiidbcamgim,b“qyodbjabxa.
qogd?”

“Yaqbjmiojs.nnxb.gkfgjbfgbobumadyimbgadyfgrbyohbivimbd.mgijbzxbnaviboqox
smaz!”bcmfijbZfhhbLmahh,b“dabrfvibzibh.cybobrmiidfgr,bogjbhyaqbzibga
ossicdfagp”

“DyimipbCagsa.gjbfd!bDyimi,”bhofjbHanazag,bzokfgrbobjoubodbZfhhbLmahh'h
nflhbqfdybyfhbaqgpb“Gaqbomibxa.bcagdigd?”

ZfhhbLmahhbagnxbhyaakbyimbyiojbogjbqildbfgbhfnigcip

“Fsbxa.bielicdbzibdabuibh.mlmfhij,”bhofjbyimbumadyimbHanazag,b“Fbozbgad
h.mlmfhij;bFbkgiqbxa.bqimibyimi;bFbkgaqbasbzahdblialnibqyabomibyimipbFs
xa.bmionnxbjag'dbqogdbdabigjogrimbzxbiefhdigci--qyfcybFbyonsbuinfivibxa.
ja--rabxa.mbqoxhbohbhaagbohblahhfuni,bogjbnidbzibrabzfgipbFbozbu.hxpbF
ozbogbassfcfonp”

“ZxbIgrnfhybumadyimbHanazag,”bza.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,bcohdfgrb.lbyim
diom-smo.rydbixih,b“dyodbyojbdyibzokfgrhbfgbyfzbasbagibasbdyibuihdbogj
rmiodihdbasbzigbfgbyfhbgodfvibca.gdmx,bogbassfcfonbozagrbsamifrgimh,bogj
h.cybsamifrgimh!bFbqa.njbonzahdbhaagimbyovibhiigbdyibjiombuaxbnxfgrbfg
yfh--”

“Fbhofjbha!”bcmfijbyimbumadyim,bfgdimm.ldfgrpb“FbkgiqbfdpbXa.bqogdbdabui
dyibjiodybasbzipbFbhyonnbuibmigjimijbH.hlicdij,buxbzxbaqgbhfhdimpb .hd
ohbFbozbriddfgrbag!”

“Dyibrmocfa.hbogjbzimcfs.nbYiovighbsamufj!”bcmfijbZfhhbLmahhpb“Som
modyimbqa.njbFbgivimbhiibxa.borofg,bjiombHanazag,bdya.rybFbyovibivim
navijbxa.bdm.nx,bogjbivimbhyonnpbHoxbu.dbagibossicdfagodibqamjbdabzi,
ogjbdinnbzibdyimibfhbgadyfgrbogrmxbambihdmogrijbuidqiigb.h,bogjbFbqfnn
jidofgbxa.bgabnagrimp”

RaajbZfhhbLmahh!bOhbfsbdyibihdmogrizigdbuidqiigbdyizbyojbcazibasbogx
c.nloufnfdxbasbyimhpbOhbfsbZmpbNammxbyojbgadbkgaqgbfdbsambobsocd,bxiomh
ora,bfgbdyibw.fidbcamgimbfgbHaya,bdyodbdyfhblmicfa.hbumadyimbyojbhligd
yimbzagixbogjbnisdbyim!

Yibqohbhoxfgrbdyibossicdfagodibqamj,byaqivim,bqfdybobsombzamibrm.jrfgr
cagjihcighfagbogjblodmagoribdyogbyibca.njbyovibhyaqgbfsbdyifmbminodfvi
zimfdhbogjblahfdfaghbyojbuiigbmivimhijb(qyfcybfhbfgvomfounxbdyibcohi,
onnbdyibqamnjbavim),bqyigbZmpbCm.gcyim,bda.cyfgrbyfzbagbdyibhya.njim,
yaomhinxbogjb.gielicdijnxbfgdimlahijbqfdybdyibsannaqfgrbhfgr.nom
w.ihdfag:

“Fbhox!bZfrydbFbohkbdyibsova.m?bOhbdabqyidyimbxa.mbgozibfhb aygbHanazag,
ambHanazagb ayg?”

Dyibassfcfonbd.mgijbdaqomjhbyfzbqfdybh.jjigbjfhdm.hdpbYibyojbgad
lmivfa.hnxb.ddimijbobqamjp

“Cazi!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyimpb“Hliokba.d,bxa.bkgaqp”b(Qyfcy,buxbdyibqox,
qohbzamibdyogbyibca.njbjabyfzhinsp)b“ aygbHanazag,bambHanazagb ayg?bHyi
connhbxa.bHanazag,bogjbhyibz.hdbkgaq,buifgrbxa.mbhfhdimpbOgjb_F_bkgaq
xa.'mib ayg,bxa.bkgaqpbQyfcybasbdyibdqabraihbsfmhd?bOgjbmiromjfgrbdyod
gozibasbLmahh,bnfkiqfhipbDyodbqomg'dbxa.mbgozibavimbdyibqodimp”

“Qyodbjabxa.bziog?”

“Qinn,bFbjag'dbkgaqbonnbFbziog,bsambFbcog'dbconnbdabzfgjbqyodbxa.mbgozi
qoh,bavimbdyibqodimp”

“Ga?”

“GapbU.dbF'nnbhqiombfdbqohbobgozibasbdqabhxnnounihp”

“Fgjiij?”

“XihpbD'adyimbagi'hbqohbagibhxnnounipbFbkgaqbxa.pbXa.bqohbobhlx--qfdgihh
odbdyibUofnixpbQyod,bfgbdyibgozibasbdyibSodyimbasbNfih,baqgbsodyimbda
xa.mhins,bqohbxa.bconnijbodbdyodbdfzi?”

“Uomhoj,”bhofjbogadyimbvafci,bhdmfkfgrbfgp

“Dyod'hbdyibgozibsambobdya.hogjbla.gj!”bcmfijb immxp

Dyibhliokimbqyabhdm.ckbfg,bqohbHxjgixbComdagpbYibyojbyfhbyogjhbuiyfgj
yfzb.gjimbdyibhkfmdhbasbyfhbmfjfgr-caod,bogjbyibhdaajbodbZmpbCm.gcyim'h
inuaqbohbgirnfrigdnxbohbyibzfrydbyovibhdaajbodbdyibAnjbUofnixbfdhinsp

“Jag'dbuibonomzij,bzxbjiombZfhhbLmahhpbFbommfvijbodbZmpbNammx'h,bdabyfh
h.mlmfhi,bxihdimjoxbivigfgr;bqibormiijbdyodbFbqa.njbgadblmihigdbzxhins
inhiqyimib.gdfnbonnbqohbqinn,bamb.gnihhbFbca.njbuib.his.n;bFblmihigd
zxhinsbyimi,bdabuirbobnfddnibdonkbqfdybxa.mbumadyimpbFbqfhybxa.byojbo
uiddimbizlnaxijbumadyimbdyogbZmpbUomhojpbFbqfhybsambxa.mbhokibZmpbUomhoj
qohbgadbobHyiilbasbdyibLmfhaghp”

Hyiilbqohbobcogdbqamjbasbdyibdfzibsambobhlx,b.gjimbdyibroanimhpbDyibhlx,
qyabqohbloni,bd.mgijblonim,bogjbohkijbyfzbyaqbyibjomij--

“F'nnbdinnbxa.,”bhofjbHxjgixpb“Fbnfrydijbagbxa.,bZmpbUomhoj,bcazfgrba.d
asbdyiblmfhagbasbdyibCagcfimrimfibqyfnibFbqohbcagdizlnodfgrbdyibqonnh,
ogbya.mbambzamiborapbXa.byovibobsocibdabuibmizizuimij,bogjbFbmizizuim
socihbqinnpbZojibc.mfa.hbuxbhiifgrbxa.bfgbdyodbcaggicdfag,bogjbyovfgr
obmiohag,bdabqyfcybxa.bomibgabhdmogrim,bsambohhacfodfgrbxa.bqfdy
dyibzfhsamd.gihbasbobsmfigjbgaqbvimxb.gsamd.godi,bFbqonkijbfgbxa.m
jfmicdfagpbFbqonkijbfgdabdyibqfgi-hyalbyimi,bcnahibosdimbxa.,bogj
hodbgiombxa.pbFbyojbgabjfssfc.ndxbfgbjij.cfgrbsmazbxa.mb.gmihimvij
cagvimhodfag,bogjbdyibm.za.mbalignxbrafgrboua.dbozagrbxa.mbojzfmimh,bdyi
god.mibasbxa.mbconnfgrpbOgjbrmoj.onnx,bqyodbFbyojbjagibodbmogjaz,bhiizij
dabhyolibfdhinsbfgdabobl.mlahi,bZmpbUomhojp”

“Qyodbl.mlahi?”bdyibhlxbohkijp

“Fdbqa.njbuibdma.unihazi,bogjbzfrydbuibjogrima.h,bdabielnofgbfgbdyi
hdmiidpbCa.njbxa.bsova.mbzi,bfgbcagsfjigci,bqfdybhazibzfg.dihbasbxa.m
cazlogx--odbdyibassfcibasbDinnhag'hbUogk,bsambfghdogci?”

“.gjimbobdymiod?”

“Ay!bJfjbFbhoxbdyod?”

“Dyig,bqyxbhya.njbFbrabdyimi?”

“Mionnx,bZmpbUomhoj,bFbcog'dbhox,bfsbxa.bcog'dp”

“Jabxa.bziogbdyodbxa.bqag'dbhox,bhfm?”bdyibhlxbfmmihan.dinxbohkijp

“Xa.bollmiyigjbzibvimxbcniomnx,bZmpbUomhojpbFbqag'dp”

Comdag'hbgirnfrigdbmicknihhgihhbasbzoggimbcoziblaqims.nnxbfgbofjbasbyfh
w.fckgihhbogjbhkfnn,bfgbh.cybobu.hfgihhbohbyibyojbfgbyfhbhicmidbzfgj,
ogjbqfdybh.cybobzogbohbyibyojbdabjabqfdypbYfhblmocdfhijbixibhoqbfd,bogj
zojibdyibzahdbasbfdp

“Gaq,bFbdanjbxa.bha,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bcohdfgrbobmilmaocys.nbnaakbodbyfh
hfhdim;b“fsbogxbdma.unibcazihbasbdyfh,bfd'hbxa.mbjafgrp”

“Cazi,bcazi,bZmpbUomhoj!”biecnofzijbHxjgixpb“Jag'dbuib.grmodis.np
U.dbsambzxbrmiodbmihlicdbsambxa.mbhfhdim,bFbzfrydbgadbyovibnijb.lbha
lniohogdnxbdabobnfddniblmalahonbdyodbFbqfhybdabzokibsamba.mbz.d.on
hodfhsocdfagpbJabxa.brabqfdybzibdabdyibUogk?”

“F'nnbyiombqyodbxa.byovibradbdabhoxpbXih,bF'nnbrabqfdybxa.p”

“Fblmalahibdyodbqibsfmhdbcagj.cdbxa.mbhfhdimbhosinxbdabdyibcamgimbasbyim
aqgbhdmiidpbNidbzibdokibxa.mbomz,bZfhhbLmahhpbDyfhbfhbgadbobraajbcfdx,
odbdyfhbdfzi,bsambxa.bdabuiba.dbfg,b.glmadicdij;bogjbohbxa.mbihcamd
kgaqhbZmpbUomhoj,bFbqfnnbfgvfdibyfzbdabZmpbNammx'hbqfdyb.hpbOmibqi
miojx?bCazibdyig!”

ZfhhbLmahhbmiconnijbhaagbosdimqomjh,bogjbdabdyibigjbasbyimbnfsi
mizizuimij,bdyodbohbhyiblmihhijbyimbyogjhbagbHxjgix'hbomzbogjbnaakijb.l
fgbyfhbsoci,bfzlnamfgrbyfzbdabjabgaby.mdbdabHanazag,bdyimibqohbobumocij
l.mlahibfgbdyibomzbogjbobkfgjbasbfghlfmodfagbfgbdyibixih,bqyfcybgadbagnx
cagdmojfcdijbyfhbnfrydbzoggim,bu.dbcyogrijbogjbmofhijbdyibzogpbHyibqoh
daabz.cybacc.lfijbdyigbqfdybsiomhbsambdyibumadyimbqyabhabnfddnibjihimvij
yimbossicdfag,bogjbqfdybHxjgix'hbsmfigjnxbmiohh.mogcih,bojiw.odinxbda
yiijbqyodbhyibauhimvijp

Dyixbnisdbyimbodbdyibcamgimbasbdyibhdmiid,bogjbComdagbnijbdyibqoxbdabZmp
Nammx'h,bqyfcybqohbqfdyfgbobsiqbzfg.dih'bqonkpb aygbUomhoj,bambHanazag
Lmahh,bqonkijbodbyfhbhfjip

ZmpbNammxbyojb .hdbsfgfhyijbyfhbjfggim,bogjbqohbhfddfgrbuisamibobcyiimx
nfddnibnarbambdqabasbsfmi--limyolhbnaakfgrbfgdabdyifmbunotibsambdyi
lfcd.mibasbdyodbxa.grimbinjimnxbrigdnizogbsmazbDinnhag'h,bqyabyojbnaakij
fgdabdyibmijbcaonhbodbdyibMaxonbRiamribodbJavim,bgaqbobraajbzogxbxiomh
orapbYibd.mgijbyfhbyiojbohbdyixbigdimij,bogjbhyaqijbdyibh.mlmfhibqfdy
qyfcybyibhoqbobhdmogrimp

“ZfhhbLmahh'hbumadyim,bhfm,”bhofjbHxjgixpb“ZmpbUomhojp”

“Uomhoj?”bmiliodijbdyibanjbrigdnizog,b“Uomhoj?bFbyovibogbohhacfodfag
qfdybdyibgozi--ogjbqfdybdyibsocip”

“Fbdanjbxa.bxa.byojbobmizomkounibsoci,bZmpbUomhoj,”bauhimvijbComdag,
caannxpb“Lmoxbhfdbjaqgp”

Ohbyibdaakbobcyofmbyfzhins,byibh.llnfijbdyibnfgkbdyodbZmpbNammxbqogdij,
uxbhoxfgrbdabyfzbqfdybobsmaqg,b“Qfdgihhbodbdyodbdmfonp”bZmpbNammx
fzzijfodinxbmizizuimij,bogjbmiromjijbyfhbgiqbvfhfdambqfdybogb.gjfhr.fhij
naakbasbouyammigcip

“ZmpbUomhojbyohbuiigbmicargfhijbuxbZfhhbLmahhbohbdyibossicdfagodi
umadyimbxa.byovibyiomjbas,”bhofjbHxjgix,b“ogjbyohbockgaqnijrijbdyi
minodfaghyflpbFblohhbdabqamhibgiqhpbJomgoxbyohbuiigbommihdijborofgp”

Hdm.ckbqfdybcaghdimgodfag,bdyibanjbrigdnizogbiecnofzij,b“Qyodbjabxa.
dinnbzi!bFbnisdbyfzbhosibogjbsmiibqfdyfgbdyihibdqabya.mh,bogjbozboua.d
dabmid.mgbdabyfz!”

“OmmihdijbsambonnbdyodpbQyigbqohbfdbjagi,bZmpbUomhoj?”

“ .hdbgaq,bfsbodbonnp”

“ZmpbUomhojbfhbdyibuihdbo.dyamfdxblahhfuni,bhfm,”bhofjbHxjgix,b“ogjbF
yovibfdbsmazbZmpbUomhoj'hbcazz.gfcodfagbdabobsmfigjbogjbumadyimbHyiil
avimbobuaddnibasbqfgi,bdyodbdyibommihdbyohbdokigblnocipbYibnisdbdyi
zihhigrimhbodbdyibrodi,bogjbhoqbdyizbojzfddijbuxbdyiblamdimpbDyimibfhbga
iomdynxbja.udbdyodbyibfhbmidokigp”

ZmpbNammx'hbu.hfgihhbixibmiojbfgbdyibhliokim'hbsocibdyodbfdbqohbnahh
asbdfzibdabjqinnb.lagbdyiblafgdpbCags.hij,bu.dbhighfunibdyodbhazidyfgr
zfrydbjiligjbagbyfhblmihigcibasbzfgj,byibcazzogjijbyfzhins,bogjbqoh
hfnigdnxboddigdfvip

“Gaq,bFbdm.hd,”bhofjbHxjgixbdabyfz,b“dyodbdyibgozibogjbfgsn.igcibas
JacdambZogiddibzoxbhdogjbyfzbfgbohbraajbhdiojbda-zammaq--xa.bhofjbyi
qa.njbuibuisamibdyibDmfu.gonborofgbda-zammaq,bZmpbUomhoj?--”

“Xih;bFbuinfivibhap”

“--Fgbohbraajbhdiojbda-zammaqbohbda-joxpbU.dbfdbzoxbgadbuibhapbFbaqg
dabxa.,bFbozbhyokig,bZmpbNammx,buxbJacdambZogiddi'hbgadbyovfgrbyojbdyi
laqimbdablmivigdbdyfhbommihdp”

“Yibzoxbgadbyovibkgaqgbasbfdbuisamiyogj,”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“U.dbdyodbvimxbcfmc.zhdogcibqa.njbuibonomzfgr,bqyigbqibmizizuimbyaq
fjigdfsfijbyibfhbqfdybyfhbhag-fg-noqp”

“Dyod'hbdm.i,”bZmpbNammxbockgaqnijrij,bqfdybyfhbdma.unijbyogjbodbyfh
cyfg,bogjbyfhbdma.unijbixihbagbComdagp

“Fgbhyamd,”bhofjbHxjgix,b“dyfhbfhbobjihlimodibdfzi,bqyigbjihlimodibrozih
omiblnoxijbsambjihlimodibhdokihpbNidbdyibJacdamblnoxbdyibqfggfgrbrozi;bF
qfnnblnoxbdyibnahfgrbagipbGabzog'hbnfsibyimibfhbqamdybl.mcyohipbOgxbagi
commfijbyazibuxbdyiblialnibda-jox,bzoxbuibcagjizgijbdazammaqpbGaq,bdyi
hdokibFbyovibmihanvijbdablnoxbsam,bfgbcohibasbdyibqamhd,bfhbobsmfigj
fgbdyibCagcfimrimfipbOgjbdyibsmfigjbFbl.mlahibdabzxhinsbdabqfg,bfhbZmp
Uomhojp”

“Xa.bgiijbyovibraajbcomjh,bhfm,”bhofjbdyibhlxp

“F'nnbm.gbdyizbavimpbF'nnbhiibqyodbFbyanj,--ZmpbNammx,bxa.bkgaqbqyodbo
um.dibFboz;bFbqfhybxa.'jbrfvibzibobnfddnibumogjxp”

Fdbqohbl.dbuisamibyfz,bogjbyibjmogkbassbobrnohhs.n--jmogkbassbogadyim
rnohhs.n--l.hyijbdyibuaddnibdya.ryds.nnxboqoxp

“ZmpbUomhoj,”byibqigdbag,bfgbdyibdagibasbagibqyabmionnxbqohbnaakfgr
avimbobyogjbodbcomjh:b“Hyiilbasbdyiblmfhagh,bizfhhomxbasbMil.unfcog
cazzfddiih,bgaqbd.mgkix,bgaqblmfhagim,bonqoxhbhlxbogjbhicmidbfgsamzim,
habz.cybdyibzamibvon.ounibyimibsambuifgrbIgrnfhybdyodbogbIgrnfhyzog
fhbnihhbaligbdabh.hlfcfagbasbh.uamgodfagbfgbdyahibcyomocdimhbdyogbo
Smigcyzog,bmilmihigdhbyfzhinsbdabyfhbizlnaximhb.gjimbobsonhibgozip
Dyod'hbobvimxbraajbcomjpbZmpbUomhoj,bgaqbfgbdyibizlnaxbasbdyibmil.unfcog
Smigcybravimgzigd,bqohbsamzimnxbfgbdyibizlnaxbasbdyibomfhdacmodfc
Igrnfhybravimgzigd,bdyibigizxbasbSmogcibogjbsmiijazpbDyod'hbogbiecinnigd
comjpbFgsimigcibcniombohbjoxbfgbdyfhbmirfagbasbh.hlfcfag,bdyodbZmp
Uomhoj,bhdfnnbfgbdyibloxbasbdyibomfhdacmodfcbIgrnfhybravimgzigd,bfhbdyi
hlxbasbLfdd,bdyibdmiocyima.hbsaibasbdyibMil.unfcbcma.cyfgrbfgbfdhbuahaz,
dyibIgrnfhybdmofdambogjborigdbasbonnbzfhcyfisbhabz.cybhlakigbasbogjbha
jfssfc.ndbdabsfgjpbDyod'hbobcomjbgadbdabuibuiodigpbYovibxa.bsannaqijbzx
yogj,bZmpbUomhoj?”

“Gadbdab.gjimhdogjbxa.mblnox,”bmid.mgijbdyibhlx,bhaziqyodb.giohfnxp

“FblnoxbzxbOci,bJig.gcfodfagbasbZmpbUomhojbdabdyibgiomihdbHicdfag
CazzfddiipbNaakbavimbxa.mbyogj,bZmpbUomhoj,bogjbhiibqyodbxa.byovipbJag'd
y.mmxp”

Yibjmiqbdyibuaddnibgiom,bla.mijba.dbogadyimbrnohhs.nbasbumogjx,bogj
jmogkbfdbasspbYibhoqbdyodbdyibhlxbqohbsioms.nbasbyfhbjmfgkfgrbyfzhins
fgdabobsfdbhdodibsambdyibfzzijfodibjig.gcfodfagbasbyfzpbHiifgrbfd,byi
la.mijba.dbogjbjmogkbogadyimbrnohhs.np

“Naakbavimbxa.mbyogjbcomis.nnx,bZmpbUomhojpbDokibdfzip”

Fdbqohboblaamimbyogjbdyogbyibh.hlicdijpbZmpbUomhojbhoqbnahfgrbcomjh
fgbfdbdyodbHxjgixbComdagbkgiqbgadyfgrbaspbDymaqgba.dbasbyfhbyaga.mouni
izlnaxzigdbfgbIgrnogj,bdyma.rybdaabz.cyb.gh.ccihhs.nbyomjbhqiomfgr
dyimi--gadbuico.hibyibqohbgadbqogdijbdyimi;ba.mbIgrnfhybmiohaghbsam
vo.gdfgrba.mbh.limfamfdxbdabhicmicxbogjbhlfihbomibasbvimxbzajimg
jodi--yibkgiqbdyodbyibyojbcmahhijbdyibCyoggin,bogjboccildijbhimvfcibfg
Smogci:bsfmhd,bohbobdizldimbogjbogbiovihjmallimbozagrbyfhbaqgbca.gdmxzig
dyimi:brmoj.onnx,bohbobdizldimbogjbogbiovihjmallimbozagrbdyibgodfvihpbYi
kgiqbdyodb.gjimbdyibavimdymaqgbravimgzigdbyibyojbuiigbobhlxb.lagbHofgd
OgdafgibogjbJisomri'hbqfgi-hyal;byojbmicifvijbsmazbdyibqodcys.nblanfci
h.cybyiojhbasbfgsamzodfagbcagcimgfgrbJacdambZogiddi'hbfzlmfhagzigd,
miniohi,bogjbyfhdamx,bohbhya.njbhimvibyfzbsambogbfgdmaj.cdfagbda
sozfnfombcagvimhodfagbqfdybdyibJisomrih;bogjbdmfijbdyizbagbZojozi
Jisomri,bogjbyojbumakigbjaqgbqfdybdyizbhfrgonnxpbYibonqoxhbmizizuimij
qfdybsiombogjbdmizunfgr,bdyodbdyodbdimmfunibqazogbyojbkgfddijbqyigbyi
donkijbqfdybyim,bogjbyojbnaakijbazfga.hnxbodbyfzbohbyimbsfgrimhbzavijp
Yibyojbhfgcibhiigbyim,bfgbdyibHicdfagbasbHofgdbOgdafgi,bavimbogjbavim
orofgblmaj.cibyimbkgfddijbmirfhdimh,bogjbjiga.gciblialnibqyahibnfvihbdyi
r.fnnadfgibdyigbh.minxbhqonnaqijb.lpbYibkgiq,bohbivimxbagibizlnaxijboh
yibqohbjfj,bdyodbyibqohbgivimbhosi;bdyodbsnfrydbqohbfzlahhfuni;bdyod
yibqohbdfijbsohdb.gjimbdyibhyojaqbasbdyiboei;bogjbdyodbfgbhlfdibas
yfhb.dzahdbdimrfvimhodfagbogjbdmiocyimxbfgbs.mdyimogcibasbdyibmifrgfgr
dimmam,bobqamjbzfrydbumfgrbfdbjaqgb.lagbyfzpbAgcibjiga.gcij,bogjbagbh.cy
rmovibrma.gjhbohbyojb .hdbgaqbuiigbh.rrihdijbdabyfhbzfgj,byibsamihoq
dyodbdyibjmiojs.nbqazogbasbqyahib.gminigdfgrbcyomocdimbyibyojbhiigbzogx
lmaash,bqa.njblmaj.ciborofghdbyfzbdyodbsodonbmirfhdim,bogjbqa.njbw.ohy
yfhbnohdbcyogcibasbnfsipbUihfjihbdyodbonnbhicmidbzigbomibzigbhaag
dimmfsfij,byimibqimibh.minxbcomjhbiga.rybasbagibunockbh.fd,bdab .hdfsx
dyibyanjimbfgbrmaqfgrbmodyimbnfvfjbohbyibd.mgijbdyizbavimp

“Xa.bhcomcinxbhiizbdabnfkibxa.mbyogj,”bhofjbHxjgix,bqfdybdyibrmiodihd
cazlah.mipb“Jabxa.blnox?”

“Fbdyfgk,bhfm,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bfgbdyibziogihdbzoggim,bohbyibd.mgijbdabZmp
Nammx,b“Fbzoxbollionbdabobrigdnizogbasbxa.mbxiomhbogjbuigivanigci,bda
l.dbfdbdabdyfhbadyimbrigdnizog,bhabz.cybxa.mb .gfam,bqyidyimbyibcog
.gjimbogxbcfmc.zhdogcihbmicagcfnibfdbdabyfhbhdodfagbdablnoxbdyodbOci
asbqyfcybyibyohbhlakigpbFbojzfdbdyodb_F_bozbobhlx,bogjbdyodbfdbfh
caghfjimijbobjfhcmijfdounibhdodfag--dya.rybfdbz.hdbuibsfnnijbux
haziuajx;bu.dbdyfhbrigdnizogbfhbgabhlx,bogjbqyxbhya.njbyibhabjiziog
yfzhinsbohbdabzokibyfzhinsbagi?”

“FblnoxbzxbOci,bZmpbUomhoj,”bhofjbComdag,bdokfgrbdyiboghqimbagbyfzhins,
ogjbnaakfgrbodbyfhbqodcy,b“qfdya.dbogxbhcm.lni,bfgbobvimxbsiqbzfg.dihp”

“Fbhya.njbyovibyalij,brigdnizigbuady,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bonqoxhbhdmfvfgrbda
yaakbZmpbNammxbfgdabdyibjfhc.hhfag,b“dyodbxa.mbmihlicdbsambzxbhfhdim--”

“Fbca.njbgadbuiddimbdihdfsxbzxbmihlicdbsambxa.mbhfhdimbdyogbuxbsfgonnx
minfivfgrbyimbasbyimbumadyim,”bhofjbHxjgixbComdagp

“Xa.bdyfgkbgad,bhfm?”

“Fbyovibdyama.rynxbzojib.lbzxbzfgjboua.dbfdp”

Dyibhzaadybzoggimbasbdyibhlx,bc.mfa.hnxbfgbjfhhagogcibqfdybyfh
ahdigdodfa.hnxbma.rybjmihh,bogjblmauounxbqfdybyfhb.h.onbjizioga.m,
micifvijbh.cybobcyickbsmazbdyibfghcm.doufnfdxbasbComdag,--qyabqohbo
zxhdimxbdabqfhimbogjbyagihdimbzigbdyogbyi,--dyodbfdbsondimijbyimibogj
sofnijbyfzpbQyfnibyibqohbodbobnahh,bComdagbhofj,bmih.zfgrbyfhbsamzimbofm
asbcagdizlnodfgrbcomjh:

“Ogjbfgjiij,bgaqbFbdyfgkborofg,bFbyovibobhdmagrbfzlmihhfagbdyodbF
yovibogadyimbraajbcomjbyimi,bgadbxidbig.zimodijpbDyodbsmfigjbogj
sinnaq-Hyiil,bqyabhlakibasbyfzhinsbohblohd.mfgrbfgbdyibca.gdmxblmfhagh;
qyabqohbyi?”

“SmigcypbXa.bjag'dbkgaqbyfz,”bhofjbdyibhlx,bw.fcknxp

“Smigcy,biy?”bmiliodijbComdag,bz.hfgr,bogjbgadbolliomfgrbdabgadfcibyfz
odbonn,bdya.rybyibicyaijbyfhbqamjpb“Qinn;byibzoxbuip”

“Fh,bFbohh.mibxa.,”bhofjbdyibhlx;b“dya.rybfd'hbgadbfzlamdogdp”

“Dya.rybfd'hbgadbfzlamdogd,”bmiliodijbComdag,bfgbdyibhozibzicyogfcon
qox--“dya.rybfd'hbgadbfzlamdogd--Ga,bfd'hbgadbfzlamdogdpbGapbXidbFbkgaq
dyibsocip”

“FbdyfgkbgadpbFbozbh.mibgadpbFdbcog'dbui,”bhofjbdyibhlxp

“Fd-cog'd-ui,”bz.ddimijbHxjgixbComdag,bmidmahlicdfvinx,bogjbfjnfgrbyfh
rnohhb(qyfcybsamd.godinxbqohbobhzonnbagi)borofgpb“Cog'd-uipbHlakibraaj
SmigcypbXidbnfkibobsamifrgim,bFbdya.ryd?”

“Lmavfgcfon,”bhofjbdyibhlxp

“GapbSamifrg!”bcmfijbComdag,bhdmfkfgrbyfhbaligbyogjbagbdyibdouni,bohbo
nfrydbumakibcniomnxbagbyfhbzfgjpb“Cnx!bJfhr.fhij,bu.dbdyibhozibzogpbQi
yojbdyodbzogbuisamib.hbodbdyibAnjbUofnixp”

“Gaq,bdyimibxa.bomibyohdx,bhfm,”bhofjbUomhoj,bqfdybobhzfnibdyodbrovibyfh
ow.fnfgibgahibogbiedmobfgcnfgodfagbdabagibhfji;b“dyimibxa.bmionnxbrfvi
zibogbojvogdoribavimbxa.pbCnxb(qyabFbqfnnb.gmihimvijnxbojzfd,bodbdyfh
jfhdogcibasbdfzi,bqohboblomdgimbasbzfgi)byohbuiigbjiojbhivimonbxiomhpbF
oddigjijbyfzbfgbyfhbnohdbfnngihhpbYibqohbu.mfijbfgbNagjag,bodbdyibcy.mcy
asbHofgdbLogcmoh-fg-dyi-SfinjhpbYfhb.glal.nomfdxbqfdybdyibunockr.omj
z.ndfd.jibodbdyibzazigdblmivigdijbzxbsannaqfgrbyfhbmizofgh,bu.dbFbyinlij
dabnoxbyfzbfgbyfhbcassfgp”

Yimi,bZmpbNammxbuicoziboqomi,bsmazbqyimibyibhod,basbobzahdbmizomkouni
raunfgbhyojaqbagbdyibqonnpbDmocfgrbfdbdabfdhbha.mci,byibjfhcavimijbfd
dabuibco.hijbuxbobh.jjigbiedmoamjfgomxbmfhfgrbogjbhdfssigfgrbasbonnbdyi
mfhigbogjbhdfssbyofmbagbZmpbCm.gcyim'hbyiojp

“Nidb.hbuibmiohagouni,”bhofjbdyibhlx,b“ogjbnidb.hbuibsofmpbDabhyaqbxa.
yaqbzfhdokigbxa.bomi,bogjbqyodbogb.gsa.gjijbohh.zldfagbxa.mhbfh,bFbqfnn
noxbuisamibxa.bobcimdfsfcodibasbCnx'hbu.mfon,bqyfcybFbyolligijbdabyovi
commfijbfgbzxblackid-uaak,”bqfdyboby.mmfijbyogjbyiblmaj.cijbogjbaligij
fd,b“ivimbhfgcipbDyimibfdbfhpbAy,bnaakbodbfd,bnaakbodbfd!bXa.bzoxbdoki
fdbfgbxa.mbyogj;bfd'hbgabsamrimxp”

Yimi,bZmpbNammxblimcifvijbdyibmisnicdfagbagbdyibqonnbdabinagrodi,bogj
ZmpbCm.gcyimbmahibogjbhdillijbsamqomjpbYfhbyofmbca.njbgadbyovibuiigbzami
vfanigdnxbagbigj,bfsbfdbyojbuiigbdyodbzazigdbjmihhijbuxbdyibCaqbqfdybdyi
cm.zlnijbyamgbfgbdyibya.hibdyodb ockbu.fndp

.ghiigbuxbdyibhlx,bZmpbCm.gcyimbhdaajbodbyfhbhfji,bogjbda.cyijbyfzbag
dyibhya.njimbnfkibobryahdnxbuofnfssp

“DyodbdyimibMarimbCnx,bzohdim,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybobdocfd.mgbogj
fmag-ua.gjbvfhoripb“Hab_xa._bl.dbyfzbfgbyfhbcassfg?”

“Fbjfjp”

“Qyabdaakbyfzba.dbasbfd?”

Uomhojbniogijbuockbfgbyfhbcyofm,bogjbhdozzimij,b“Qyodbjabxa.bziog?”

“Fbziog,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“dyodbyibqomg'dbgivimbfgbfdpbGa!bGadbyi!
F'nnbyovibzxbyiojbdaakbass,bfsbyibqohbivimbfgbfdp”

Dyibhlxbnaakijbma.gjbodbdyibdqabrigdnizig;bdyixbuadybnaakijbfg
.ghliokounibohdagfhyzigdbodb immxp

“Fbdinnbxa.,”bhofjb immx,b“dyodbxa.bu.mfijblovfgr-hdagihbogjbiomdybfg
dyodbdyimibcassfgpbJag'dbrabogjbdinnbzibdyodbxa.bu.mfijbCnxpbFdbqohbo
dokibfgpbZibogjbdqabzamibkgaqhbfdp”

“Yaqbjabxa.bkgaqbfd?”

“Qyod'hbdyodbdabxa.?bIcaj!”brmaqnijbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“fd'hbxa.bFbyovibradbo
anjbrm.jriborofg,bfhbfd,bqfdybxa.mbhyozis.nbfzlahfdfaghb.lagbdmojihzig!
F'jbcodcybyanjbasbxa.mbdymaodbogjbcyakibxa.bsambyonsbobr.fgiop”

HxjgixbComdag,bqya,bqfdybZmpbNammx,byojbuiigbnahdbfgbozotizigdbod
dyfhbd.mgbasbdyibu.hfgihh,byimibmiw.ihdijbZmpbCm.gcyimbdabzajimodibogj
ielnofgbyfzhinsp

“Odbogadyimbdfzi,bhfm,”byibmid.mgij,bivohfvinx,b“dyiblmihigdbdfzibfh
fnn-cagqigfigdbsambielnofgfg'pbQyodbFbhdogjbda,bfh,bdyodbyibkgaqhbqinn
qadbdyodbdyimibCnxbqohbgivimbfgbdyodbdyimibcassfgpbNidbyfzbhoxbyibqoh,
fgbhabz.cybohbobqamjbasbagibhxnnouni,bogjbF'nnbifdyimbcodcybyanjbasbyfh
dymaodbogjbcyakibyfzbsambyonsbobr.fgio;”bZmpbCm.gcyimbjqindb.lagbdyfhboh
w.fdibobnfuimonbassim;b“ambF'nnba.dbogjbogga.gcibyfzp”

“Y.zly!bFbhiibagibdyfgr,”bhofjbComdagpb“Fbyanjbogadyimbcomj,bZmpbUomhojp
Fzlahhfuni,byimibfgbmorfgrbLomfh,bqfdybH.hlfcfagbsfnnfgrbdyibofm,bsam
xa.bdaba.dnfvibjig.gcfodfag,bqyigbxa.bomibfgbcazz.gfcodfagbqfdybogadyim
omfhdacmodfcbhlxbasbdyibhozibogdicijigdhbohbxa.mhins,bqya,bzamiavim,byoh
dyibzxhdimxboua.dbyfzbasbyovfgrbsifrgijbjiodybogjbcazibdabnfsiborofg!
Oblnadbfgbdyiblmfhagh,basbdyibsamifrgimborofghdbdyibMil.unfcpbObhdmagr
comj--obcimdofgbR.fnnadfgibcomj!bJabxa.blnox?”

“Ga!”bmid.mgijbdyibhlxpb“Fbdymaqb.lpbFbcagsihhbdyodbqibqimibhab.glal.nom
qfdybdyiba.dmoria.hbzau,bdyodbFbagnxbradboqoxbsmazbIgrnogjbodbdyibmfhk
asbuifgrbj.ckijbdabjiody,bogjbdyodbCnxbqohbhabsimmidijb.lbogjbjaqg,bdyod
yibgivimbqa.njbyovibradboqoxbodbonnbu.dbsambdyodbhyozpbDya.rybyaqbdyfh
zogbkgaqhbfdbqohbobhyoz,bfhbobqagjimbasbqagjimhbdabzip”

“Givimbxa.bdma.unibxa.mbyiojboua.dbdyfhbzog,”bmidamdijbdyibcagdigdfa.h
ZmpbCm.gcyim;b“xa.'nnbyovibdma.unibiga.rybqfdybrfvfgrbxa.mboddigdfagbda
dyodbrigdnizogpbOgjbnaakbyimi!bAgcibzami!”--ZmpbCm.gcyimbca.njbgad
uibmihdmofgijbsmazbzokfgrbmodyimbogbahdigdodfa.hblomojibasbyfh
nfuimonfdx--“F'jbcodcybyanjbasbxa.mbdymaodbogjbcyakibxa.bsambyonsbo
r.fgiop”

DyibHyiilbasbdyiblmfhaghbd.mgijbsmazbyfzbdabHxjgixbComdag,bogjbhofj,
qfdybzamibjicfhfag,b“FdbyohbcazibdaboblafgdpbFbrabagbj.dxbhaag,bogj
cog'dbavimhdoxbzxbdfzipbXa.bdanjbzibxa.byojboblmalahon;bqyodbfhbfd?
Gaq,bfdbfhbasbgab.hibohkfgrbdaabz.cybasbzipbOhkbzibdabjabogxdyfgrbfgbzx
assfci,bl.ddfgrbzxbyiojbfgbrmiodbiedmobjogrim,bogjbFbyojbuiddimbdm.hdbzx
nfsibdabdyibcyogcihbasbobmis.honbdyogbdyibcyogcihbasbcaghigdpbFgbhyamd,
Fbhya.njbzokibdyodbcyafcipbXa.bdonkbasbjihlimodfagpbQibomibonnbjihlimodi
yimipbMizizuim!bFbzoxbjiga.gcibxa.bfsbFbdyfgkblmalim,bogjbFbcogbhqiombzx
qoxbdyma.rybhdagibqonnh,bogjbhabcogbadyimhpbGaq,bqyodbjabxa.bqogdbqfdy
zi?”

“Gadbvimxbz.cypbXa.bomibobd.mgkixbodbdyibCagcfimrimfi?”

“Fbdinnbxa.bagcibsambonn,bdyimibfhbgabh.cybdyfgrbohbogbihcoliblahhfuni,”
bhofjbdyibhlx,bsfmznxp

“Qyxbgiijbxa.bdinnbzibqyodbFbyovibgadbohkij?bXa.bomibobd.mgkixbodbdyi
Cagcfimrimfi?”

“Fbozbhazidfzihp”

“Xa.bcogbuibqyigbxa.bcyaahi?”

“Fbcogblohhbfgbogjba.dbqyigbFbcyaahip”

HxjgixbComdagbsfnnijbogadyimbrnohhbqfdybumogjx,bla.mijbfdbhnaqnxba.d
.lagbdyibyiomdy,bogjbqodcyijbfdbohbfdbjmallijpbFdbuifgrbonnbhligd,byi
hofj,bmfhfgr:

“Habsom,bqibyovibhlakigbuisamibdyihibdqa,buico.hibfdbqohbohbqinnbdyod
dyibzimfdhbasbdyibcomjhbhya.njbgadbmihdbhaninxbuidqiigbxa.bogjbzipbCazi
fgdabdyibjomkbmaazbyimi,bogjbnidb.hbyovibagibsfgonbqamjbonagip”




FEpbDyibRozibZoji


QyfnibHxjgixbComdagbogjbdyibHyiilbasbdyiblmfhaghbqimibfgbdyiboj afgfgr
jomkbmaaz,bhliokfgrbhabnaqbdyodbgadbobha.gjbqohbyiomj,bZmpbNammxbnaakij
odb immxbfgbcaghfjimounibja.udbogjbzfhdm.hdpbDyodbyagihdbdmojihzog'h
zoggimbasbmicifvfgrbdyibnaak,bjfjbgadbfghlfmibcagsfjigci;byibcyogrijbdyi
nirbagbqyfcybyibmihdij,bohbasdigbohbfsbyibyojbsfsdxbasbdyahibnfzuh,
ogjbqimibdmxfgrbdyizbonn;byibieozfgijbyfhbsfgrim-gofnhbqfdybobvimx
w.ihdfagounibcnahigihhbasboddigdfag;bogjbqyigivimbZmpbNammx'hbixibco.ryd
yfh,byibqohbdokigbqfdybdyodblic.nfombkfgjbasbhyamdbca.rybmiw.fmfgrbdyi
yannaqbasbobyogjbuisamibfd,bqyfcybfhbhinjaz,bfsbivim,bkgaqgbdabuibog
fgsfmzfdxboddigjogdbagblimsicdbaliggihhbasbcyomocdimp

“ immx,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Cazibyimip”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbcozibsamqomjbhfjiqoxh,bqfdybagibasbyfhbhya.njimhbfgbojvogci
asbyfzp

“Qyodbyovibxa.buiig,buihfjihbobzihhigrim?”

Osdimbhazibcarfdodfag,boccazlogfijbqfdybogbfgdigdbnaakbodbyfhblodmag,
ZmpbCm.gcyimbcagcifvijbdyibn.zfga.hbfjiobasbmilnxfgr,b“Orfc.ndaamon
cyomocdimp”

“Zxbzfgjbzfhrfvihbzibz.cy,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bogrmfnxbhyokfgrbobsamisfgrim
odbyfz,b“dyodbxa.byovib.hijbdyibmihlicdounibogjbrmiodbya.hibasbDinnhag'h
ohbobunfgj,bogjbdyodbxa.byovibyojbogb.gnoqs.nbacc.lodfagbasbogbfgsoza.h
jihcmfldfagpbFsbxa.byovi,bjag'dbielicdbzibdabuismfigjbxa.bqyigbxa.
ridbuockbdabIgrnogjpbFsbxa.byovi,bjag'dbielicdbzibdabkiilbxa.mbhicmidp
Dinnhag'hbhyonnbgadbuibfzlahijb.lagp”

“Fbyali,bhfm,”blniojijbdyibouohyijbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“dyodbobrigdnizogbnfki
xa.mhinsbqadbF'vibyojbdyibyaga.mbasbajjb auufgrbdfnnbF'zbrmixbodbfd,
qa.njbdyfgkbdqfciboua.dbyomzfgrbasbzi,bivigbfsbfdbqahbha--Fbjag'dbhoxbfd
fh,bu.dbivigbfsbfdbqahpbOgjbqyfcybfdbfhbdabuibdaakbfgdabocca.gdbdyodbfs
fdbqah,bfdbqa.njg'd,bivigbdyig,buibonnba'bagibhfjipbDyimi'jbuibdqabhfjih
dabfdpbDyimibzfrydbuibzijfconbjacdamhbodbdyiblmihigdbya.m,boblfckfgr
.lbdyifmbr.fgiohbqyimibobyagihdbdmojihzogbjag'dblfckb.lbyfh
somjigh--somjigh!bga,bgambxidbyfhbyonsbsomjigh--yonsbsomjigh!bga,bgam
xidbyfhbw.omdim--obuogkfgrboqoxbnfkibhzakibodbDinnhag'h,bogjbobcackfgr
dyifmbzijfconbixihbodbdyodbdmojihzogbagbdyibhnx,bobrafgrbfgbogjbrafgr
a.dbdabdyifmbaqgbcommforih--oy!biw.onnxbnfkibhzaki,bfsbgadbzamibhap
Qinn,bdyodb'.jbuibfzlahfgr,bdaa,bagbDinnhag'hpbSambxa.bcoggadbhomhibdyi
raahibogjbgadbdyibrogjimpbOgjbyimi'hbZmhpbCm.gcyim,bambniohdqoxhbqah
fgbdyibAnjbIgrnogjbdfzih,bogjbqa.njbuibda-zammaq,bfsbco.hibrfvig,
obsnallfg'borofgbdyibu.hfgihhbdabdyodbjirmiibohbfhbm.fgodfgr--hdomk
m.fgodfgr!bQyimiohbdyizbzijfconbjacdamh'bqfvihbjag'dbsnal--codcyb'izbod
fd!bAm,bfsbdyixbsnal,bdyifmbsnallfgrhbraihbfgbsova.mbasbzamiblodfigdh,
ogjbyaqbcogbxa.bmfrydnxbyovibagibqfdya.dbd'adyim?bDyig,bqadbqfdy
.gjimdokimh,bogjbqadbqfdyblomfhybcnimkh,bogjbqadbqfdybhiedagh,bogjbqad
qfdyblmfvodibqodcyzigb(onnboqomfcfa.hbogjbonnbfgbfd),bobzogbqa.njg'dbrid
z.cybuxbfd,bivigbfsbfdbqahbhapbOgjbqadbnfddnibobzogbjfjbrid,bqa.njbgivim
lmahlimbqfdybyfz,bZmpbNammxpbYi'jbgivimbyovibgabraajbasbfd;byi'jbqogd
onnbonagrbdabuiba.dbasbdyibnfgi,bfsbyi,bca.njbhiibyfhbqoxba.d,buifgr
agcibfg--ivigbfsbfdbqahbhap”

“.ry!”bcmfijbZmpbNammx,bmodyimbminigdfgr,bgivimdyinihh,b“Fbozbhyackijbod
dyibhfrydbasbxa.p”

“Gaq,bqyodbFbqa.njby.zunxbassimbdabxa.,bhfm,”bl.mh.ijbZmpbCm.gcyim,
“ivigbfsbfdbqahbha,bqyfcybFbjag'dbhoxbfdbfh--”

“Jag'dblmivomfcodi,”bhofjbZmpbNammxp

“Ga,bFbqfnnb_gad_,bhfm,”bmid.mgijbZmpbCm.gcyihbohbfsbgadyfgrbqimi
s.mdyimbsmazbyfhbdya.rydhbamblmocdfci--“qyfcybFbjag'dbhoxbfdbfh--qadbF
qa.njby.zunxbassimbdabxa.,bhfm,bqa.njbuibdyfhpb.lagbdyodbdyimibhdaan,bod
dyodbdyimibUom,bhidhbdyodbdyimibuaxbasbzfgi,buma.rydb.lbogjbrmaqijb.lbda
uibobzog,bqadbqfnnbimmogjbxa.,bzihhoribxa.,brigimon-nfryd- aubxa.,bdfnn
xa.mbyiinhbfhbqyimibxa.mbyiojbfh,bfsbh.cybhya.njbuibxa.mbqfhyihpbFsbfd
qahbha,bqyfcybFbhdfnnbjag'dbhoxbfdbfhb(sambFbqfnnbgadblmiqomfcodibda
xa.,bhfm),bnidbdyodbdyimibuaxbkiilbyfhbsodyim'hblnoci,bogjbdokibcomibas
yfhbzadyim;bjag'dbunaqb.lagbdyodbuax'hbsodyim--jabgadbjabfd,bhfm--ogj
nidbdyodbsodyimbrabfgdabdyibnfgibasbdyibmir'nombjfrrfg',bogjbzokibozigjh
sambqyodbyibqa.njbyovib.gj.r--fsbfdbqahbha--uxbjfrrfg'basb'izbfgbqfdy
obqfnn,bogjbqfdybcagqfcdfaghbmihlicdfg'bdyibs.d.m'bkiilfg'basb'izbhosip
Dyod,bZmpbNammx,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqflfgrbyfhbsamiyiojbqfdybyfh
omz,bohbogbogga.gcizigdbdyodbyibyojbommfvijbodbdyiblimamodfagbasbyfh
jfhca.mhi,b“fhbqadbFbqa.njbmihlicds.nnxbassimbdabxa.,bhfmpbObzogbjag'd
hiibonnbdyfhbyimibobrafg'bagbjmiojs.nbma.gjbyfz,bfgbdyibqoxbasbH.u icdh
qfdya.dbyiojh,bjiombzi,blnigdfs.nbiga.rybs.mbdabumfgrbdyiblmfcibjaqg
dablamdimoribogjbyomjnxbdyod,bqfdya.dbyovfg'byfhbhimfa.hbdya.rydhbas
dyfgrhpbOgjbdyihibyimibqa.njbuibzfgi,bfsbfdbqahbha,bigdmiodfg'basbxa.
s.mbdabuiombfgbzfgjbdyodbqadbFbhofjb .hdbgaq,bFb.lbogjbhofjbfgbdyibraaj
co.hibqyigbFbzfrydbyovibkil'bfdbuockp”

“Dyodbodbniohdbfhbdm.i,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“HoxbgabzamibgaqpbFdbzoxbui
dyodbFbhyonnbxidbhdogjbxa.mbsmfigj,bfsbxa.bjihimvibfd,bogjbmiligdbfg
ocdfag--gadbfgbqamjhpbFbqogdbgabzamibqamjhp”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbkg.cknijbyfhbsamiyioj,bohbHxjgixbComdagbogjbdyibhlx
mid.mgijbsmazbdyibjomkbmaazpb“Ojfi.,bZmpbUomhoj,”bhofjbdyibsamzim;b“a.m
ommogrizigdbdy.hbzoji,bxa.byovibgadyfgrbdabsiombsmazbzip”

Yibhodbjaqgbfgbobcyofmbagbdyibyiomdy,bavimborofghdbZmpbNammxpbQyigbdyix
qimibonagi,bZmpbNammxbohkijbyfzbqyodbyibyojbjagi?

“Gadbz.cypbFsbfdbhya.njbrabfnnbqfdybdyiblmfhagim,bFbyovibigh.mijboccihh
dabyfz,bagcip”

ZmpbNammx'hbca.gdigogcibsinnp

“FdbfhbonnbFbca.njbja,”bhofjbComdagpb“Dablmalahibdaabz.cy,bqa.njbui
dabl.dbdyfhbzog'hbyiojb.gjimbdyiboei,bogj,bohbyibyfzhinsbhofj,bgadyfgr
qamhibca.njbyolligbdabyfzbfsbyibqimibjiga.gcijpbFdbqohbauvfa.hnxbdyi
qiokgihhbasbdyiblahfdfagpbDyimibfhbgabyinlbsambfdp”

“U.dboccihhbdabyfz,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,b“fsbfdbhya.njbrabfnnbuisamibdyi
Dmfu.gon,bqfnnbgadbhovibyfzp”

“Fbgivimbhofjbfdbqa.njp”

ZmpbNammx'hbixihbrmoj.onnxbha.rydbdyibsfmi;byfhbhxzlodyxbqfdybyfh
jomnfgr,bogjbdyibyiovxbjfhollafgdzigdbasbyfhbhicagjbommihd,brmoj.onnx
qiokigijbdyiz;byibqohbogbanjbzogbgaq,bavimuamgibqfdybogefidxbasbnodi,
ogjbyfhbdiomhbsinnp

“Xa.bomibobraajbzogbogjbobdm.ibsmfigj,”bhofjbComdag,bfgbogbondimij
vafcipb“SamrfvibzibfsbFbgadfcibdyodbxa.bomibossicdijpbFbca.njbgadbhiibzx
sodyimbqiil,bogjbhfdbux,bcominihhpbOgjbFbca.njbgadbmihlicdbxa.m
hammaqbzami,bfsbxa.bqimibzxbsodyimpbXa.bomibsmiibsmazbdyodbzfhsamd.gi,
yaqivimp”

Dya.rybyibhofjbdyibnohdbqamjh,bqfdybobhnflbfgdabyfhb.h.onbzoggim,bdyimi
qohbobdm.ibsiinfgrbogjbmihlicdbuadybfgbyfhbdagibogjbfgbyfhbda.cy,
dyodbZmpbNammx,bqyabyojbgivimbhiigbdyibuiddimbhfjibasbyfz,bqohbqyannx
.glmilomijbsampbYibrovibyfzbyfhbyogj,bogjbComdagbrigdnxblmihhijbfdp

“Dabmid.mgbdablaambJomgox,”bhofjbComdagpb“Jag'dbdinnbYimbasbdyfh
fgdimvfiq,bambdyfhbommogrizigdpbFdbqa.njbgadbigounibYimbdabrabdabhii
yfzpbHyibzfrydbdyfgkbfdbqohbcagdmfvij,bfgbcohibasbdyibqamhi,bdabcagvix
dabyfzbdyibzioghbasbogdfcflodfgrbdyibhigdigcip”

ZmpbNammxbyojbgadbdya.rydbasbdyod,bogjbyibnaakijbw.fcknxbodbComdagbda
hiibfsbfdbqimibfgbyfhbzfgjpbFdbhiizijbdabui;byibmid.mgijbdyibnaak,bogj
ivfjigdnxb.gjimhdaajbfdp

“Hyibzfrydbdyfgkbobdya.hogjbdyfgrh,”bComdagbhofj,b“ogjbogxbasbdyizbqa.nj
agnxbojjbdabyimbdma.unipbJag'dbhliokbasbzibdabyimpbOhbFbhofjbdabxa.bqyig
Fbsfmhdbcozi,bFbyojbuiddimbgadbhiibyimpbFbcogbl.dbzxbyogjba.d,bdabjabogx
nfddnibyinls.nbqamkbsambyimbdyodbzxbyogjbcogbsfgjbdabja,bqfdya.dbdyodp
Xa.bomibrafgrbdabyim,bFbyali?bHyibz.hdbuibvimxbjihanodibda-gfrydp”

“Fbozbrafgrbgaq,bjfmicdnxp”

“FbozbrnojbasbdyodpbHyibyohbh.cybobhdmagrboddocyzigdbdabxa.bogjbminfogci
agbxa.pbYaqbjaihbhyibnaak?”

“Ogefa.hbogjb.gyollx,bu.dbvimxbuio.dfs.np”

“Oy!”

Fdbqohbobnagr,brmfivfgrbha.gj,bnfkibobhfry--onzahdbnfkibobhaupbFd
oddmocdijbZmpbNammx'hbixihbdabComdag'hbsoci,bqyfcybqohbd.mgijbdabdyi
sfmipbObnfryd,bambobhyojib(dyibanjbrigdnizogbca.njbgadbyovibhofjbqyfcy),
lohhijbsmazbfdbohbhqfsdnxbohbobcyogribqfnnbhqiilbavimbobyfnn-hfjibagbo
qfnjbumfrydbjox,bogjbyibnfsdijbyfhbsaadbdabl.dbuockbagibasbdyibnfddni
snozfgrbnarh,bqyfcybqohbd.zunfgrbsamqomjpbYibqamibdyibqyfdibmfjfgr-caod
ogjbdal-uaadh,bdyigbfgbvar.i,bogjbdyibnfrydbasbdyibsfmibda.cyfgrbdyifm
nfrydbh.msocihbzojibyfzbnaakbvimxbloni,bqfdybyfhbnagrbumaqgbyofm,
onnb.gdmfzzij,byogrfgrbnaahiboua.dbyfzpbYfhbfgjfssimigcibdabsfmibqoh
h.ssfcfigdnxbmizomkounibdabinfcfdbobqamjbasbmizaghdmogcibsmazbZmpbNammx;
yfhbuaadbqohbhdfnnb.lagbdyibyadbizuimhbasbdyibsnozfgrbnar,bqyigbfdbyoj
umakigb.gjimbdyibqifrydbasbyfhbsaadp

“Fbsamradbfd,”byibhofjp

ZmpbNammx'hbixihbqimiborofgboddmocdijbdabyfhbsocipbDokfgrbgadibasbdyi
qohdijbofmbqyfcybcna.jijbdyibgod.monnxbyogjhazibsiod.mih,bogjbyovfgr
dyibielmihhfagbasblmfhagimh'bsocihbsmihybfgbyfhbzfgj,byibqohbhdmagrnx
mizfgjijbasbdyodbielmihhfagp

“Ogjbxa.mbj.dfihbyimibyovibjmoqgbdabogbigj,bhfm?”bhofjbComdag,bd.mgfgr
dabyfzp

“XihpbOhbFbqohbdinnfgrbxa.bnohdbgfrydbqyigbN.cfibcozibfgbha
.gielicdijnx,bFbyovibodbnigrdybjagibonnbdyodbFbcogbjabyimipbFbyalijbda
yovibnisdbdyizbfgblimsicdbhosidx,bogjbdyigbdabyovibw.fddijbLomfhpbFbyovi
zxbNiovibdabLohhpbFbqohbmiojxbdabrap”

Dyixbqimibuadybhfnigdp

“Xa.mhbfhbobnagrbnfsibdabnaakbuockb.lag,bhfm?”bhofjbComdag,bqfhds.nnxp

“Fbozbfgbzxbhivigdx-ifrydybxiomp”

“Xa.byovibuiigb.his.nbonnbxa.mbnfsi;bhdiojfnxbogjbcaghdogdnxbacc.lfij;
dm.hdij,bmihlicdij,bogjbnaakijb.lbda?”

“Fbyovibuiigbobzogbasbu.hfgihh,bivimbhfgcibFbyovibuiigbobzogpbFgjiij,bF
zoxbhoxbdyodbFbqohbobzogbasbu.hfgihhbqyigbobuaxp”

“Hiibqyodboblnocibxa.bsfnnbodbhivigdx-ifrydpbYaqbzogxblialnibqfnnbzfhh
xa.bqyigbxa.bniovibfdbizldx!”

“Obhanfdomxbanjbuocyinam,”boghqimijbZmpbNammx,bhyokfgrbyfhbyiojpb“Dyimi
fhbgauajxbdabqiilbsambzip”

“Yaqbcogbxa.bhoxbdyod?bQa.njg'dbHyibqiilbsambxa.?bQa.njg'dbyimbcyfnj?”

“Xih,bxih,bdyogkbRajpbFbjfjg'dbw.fdibziogbqyodbFbhofjp”

“Fdb_fh_bobdyfgrbdabdyogkbRajbsam;bfhbfdbgad?”

“H.minx,bh.minxp”

“Fsbxa.bca.njbhox,bqfdybdm.dy,bdabxa.mbaqgbhanfdomxbyiomd,bda-gfryd,
'Fbyovibhic.mijbdabzxhinsbdyibnavibogjboddocyzigd,bdyibrmodfd.jibam
mihlicd,basbgaby.zogbcmiod.mi;bFbyovibqagbzxhinsbobdigjimblnocibfgbga
miromj;bFbyovibjagibgadyfgrbraajbambhimvfciounibdabuibmizizuimijbux!'
xa.mbhivigdx-ifrydbxiomhbqa.njbuibhivigdx-ifrydbyiovxbc.mhih;bqa.njbdyix
gad?”

“Xa.bhoxbdm.nx,bZmpbComdag;bFbdyfgkbdyixbqa.njbuip”

Hxjgixbd.mgijbyfhbixihborofgb.lagbdyibsfmi,bogj,bosdimbobhfnigcibasbo
siqbzazigdh,bhofj:

“Fbhya.njbnfkibdabohkbxa.:--Jaihbxa.mbcyfnjyaajbhiizbsombass?bJabdyi
joxhbqyigbxa.bhodbodbxa.mbzadyim'hbkgii,bhiizbjoxhbasbvimxbnagrbora?”

Mihlagjfgrbdabyfhbhasdigijbzoggim,bZmpbNammxboghqimij:

“Dqigdxbxiomhbuock,bxih;bodbdyfhbdfzibasbzxbnfsi,bgapbSam,bohbFbjmoq
cnahimbogjbcnahimbdabdyibigj,bFbdmovinbfgbdyibcfmcni,bgiomimbogj
giomimbdabdyibuirfggfgrpbFdbhiizhbdabuibagibasbdyibkfgjbhzaadyfgrhbogj
lmilomfgrhbasbdyibqoxpbZxbyiomdbfhbda.cyijbgaq,buxbzogxbmizizumogcih
dyodbyojbnagrbsonnigbohniil,basbzxblmiddxbxa.grbzadyimb(ogjbFbhabanj!),
ogjbuxbzogxbohhacfodfaghbasbdyibjoxhbqyigbqyodbqibconnbdyibQamnjbqohbgad
habmionbqfdybzi,bogjbzxbso.ndhbqimibgadbcagsfmzijbfgbzip”

“Fb.gjimhdogjbdyibsiinfgr!”biecnofzijbComdag,bqfdybobumfrydbsn.hypb“Ogj
xa.bomibdyibuiddimbsambfd?”

“Fbyalibhap”

Comdagbdimzfgodijbdyibcagvimhodfagbyimi,buxbmfhfgrbdabyinlbyfzbagbqfdy
yfhba.dimbcaod;b“U.dbxa.,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bmivimdfgrbdabdyibdyizi,b“xa.
omibxa.grp”

“Xih,”bhofjbComdagpb“Fbozbgadbanj,bu.dbzxbxa.grbqoxbqohbgivimbdyibqoxbda
oripbIga.rybasbzip”

“Ogjbasbzi,bFbozbh.mi,”bhofjbZmpbNammxpb“Omibxa.brafgrba.d?”

“F'nnbqonkbqfdybxa.bdabyimbrodipbXa.bkgaqbzxbvorouagjbogjbmihdnihh
youfdhpbFsbFbhya.njblmaqnboua.dbdyibhdmiidhbobnagrbdfzi,bjag'dbui
.giohx;bFbhyonnbmiolliombfgbdyibzamgfgrpbXa.brabdabdyibCa.mdbda-zammaq?”

“Xih,b.gyollfnxp”

“Fbhyonnbuibdyimi,bu.dbagnxbohbagibasbdyibcmaqjpbZxbHlxbqfnnbsfgjbo
lnocibsambzipbDokibzxbomz,bhfmp”

ZmpbNammxbjfjbha,bogjbdyixbqigdbjaqg-hdofmhbogjba.dbfgbdyibhdmiidhpbO
siqbzfg.dihbuma.rydbdyizbdabZmpbNammx'hbjihdfgodfagpbComdagbnisdbyfz
dyimi;bu.dbnfgrimijbodbobnfddnibjfhdogci,bogjbd.mgijbuockbdabdyibrodi
orofgbqyigbfdbqohbhy.d,bogjbda.cyijbfdpbYibyojbyiomjbasbyimbrafgrbda
dyiblmfhagbivimxbjoxpb“Hyibcoziba.dbyimi,”byibhofj,bnaakfgrboua.dbyfz,
“d.mgijbdyfhbqox,bz.hdbyovibdmajbagbdyihibhdagihbasdigpbNidbzibsannaqbfg
yimbhdilhp”

Fdbqohbdigba'cnackbodbgfrydbqyigbyibhdaajbuisamibdyiblmfhagbasbNobSamci,
qyimibhyibyojbhdaajby.gjmijhbasbdfzihpbObnfddnibqaaj-hoqxim,byovfgr
cnahijbyfhbhyal,bqohbhzakfgrbyfhblflibodbyfhbhyal-jaamp

“Raajbgfryd,bcfdftig,”bhofjbHxjgixbComdag,blo.hfgrbfgbrafgrbux;bsam,bdyi
zogbixijbyfzbfgw.fhfdfvinxp

“Raajbgfryd,bcfdftigp”

“YaqbraihbdyibMil.unfc?”

“Xa.bziogbdyibR.fnnadfgipbGadbfnnpbHfedx-dymiibda-joxpbQibhyonnbza.gd
daboby.gjmijbhaagpbHozhagbogjbyfhbzigbcazlnofgbhazidfzih,basbuifgr
ieyo.hdijpbYo,byo,byo!bYibfhbhabjmann,bdyodbHozhagpbH.cybobUomuim!”

“Jabxa.basdigbrabdabhiibyfz--”

“Hyovi?bOnqoxhpbIvimxbjoxpbQyodbobuomuim!bXa.byovibhiigbyfzbodbqamk?”

“Givimp”

“RabogjbhiibyfzbqyigbyibyohbobraajbuodcypbSfr.mibdyfhbdabxa.mhins,
cfdftig;byibhyovijbdyibhfedx-dymiibda-jox,bfgbnihhbdyogbdqablflih!bNihh
dyogbdqablflihpbQamjbasbyaga.m!”

Ohbdyibrmfggfgrbnfddnibzogbyinjba.dbdyiblflibyibqohbhzakfgr,bdabielnofg
yaqbyibdfzijbdyibieic.dfagim,bComdagbqohbhabhighfunibasbobmfhfgrbjihfmi
dabhdmfkibdyibnfsiba.dbasbyfz,bdyodbyibd.mgijboqoxp

“U.dbxa.bomibgadbIgrnfhy,”bhofjbdyibqaaj-hoqxim,b“dya.rybxa.bqiom
Igrnfhybjmihh?”

“Xih,”bhofjbComdag,blo.hfgrborofg,bogjboghqimfgrbavimbyfhbhya.njimp

“Xa.bhliokbnfkibobSmigcyzogp”

“Fbozbogbanjbhd.jigdbyimip”

“Oyo,boblimsicdbSmigcyzog!bRaajbgfryd,bIgrnfhyzogp”

“Raajbgfryd,bcfdftigp”

“U.dbrabogjbhiibdyodbjmannbjar,”bdyibnfddnibzogblimhfhdij,bconnfgrbosdim
yfzpb“Ogjbdokiboblflibqfdybxa.!”

Hxjgixbyojbgadbragibsomba.dbasbhfryd,bqyigbyibhdallijbfgbdyibzfjjnibas
dyibhdmiidb.gjimbobrnfzzimfgrbnozl,bogjbqmadibqfdybyfhbligcfnbagbobhcmol
asblolimpbDyig,bdmovimhfgrbqfdybdyibjicfjijbhdilbasbagibqyabmizizuimij
dyibqoxbqinn,bhivimonbjomkbogjbjfmdxbhdmiidh--z.cybjfmdfimbdyogb.h.on,
sambdyibuihdbl.unfcbdyama.rysomihbmizofgijb.gcnioghijbfgbdyahibdfzihbas
dimmam--yibhdallijbodbobcyizfhd'hbhyal,bqyfcybdyibaqgimbqohbcnahfgrbqfdy
yfhbaqgbyogjhpbObhzonn,bjfz,bcmaakijbhyal,bkildbfgbobdamd.a.h,b.l-yfnn
dyama.rysomi,buxbobhzonn,bjfz,bcmaakijbzogp

Rfvfgrbdyfhbcfdftig,bdaa,braajbgfryd,bohbyibcagsmagdijbyfzbodbyfh
ca.gdim,byibnofjbdyibhcmolbasblolimbuisamibyfzpb“Qyiq!”bdyibcyizfhd
qyfhdnijbhasdnx,bohbyibmiojbfdpb“Yf!byf!byf!”

HxjgixbComdagbdaakbgabyiij,bogjbdyibcyizfhdbhofj:

“Sambxa.,bcfdftig?”

“Sambzip”

“Xa.bqfnnbuibcomis.nbdabkiilbdyizbhilomodi,bcfdftig?bXa.bkgaqbdyi
caghiw.igcihbasbzfefgrbdyiz?”

“Limsicdnxp”

CimdofgbhzonnblockidhbqimibzojibogjbrfvigbdabyfzpbYibl.dbdyiz,bagibux
agi,bfgbdyibumiohdbasbyfhbfggimbcaod,bca.gdijba.dbdyibzagixbsambdyiz,
ogjbjinfuimodinxbnisdbdyibhyalpb“Dyimibfhbgadyfgrbzamibdabja,”bhofjbyi,
rnogcfgrb.lqomjbodbdyibzaag,b“.gdfnbda-zammaqpbFbcog'dbhniilp”

Fdbqohbgadbobmicknihhbzoggim,bdyibzoggimbfgbqyfcybyibhofjbdyihibqamjh
ona.jb.gjimbdyibsohd-hofnfgrbcna.jh,bgambqohbfdbzamibielmihhfvibas
girnfrigcibdyogbjisfogcipbFdbqohbdyibhiddnijbzoggimbasbobdfmijbzog,bqya
yojbqogjimijbogjbhdm.rrnijbogjbradbnahd,bu.dbqyabodbnigrdybhdm.ckbfgda
yfhbmaojbogjbhoqbfdhbigjp

Nagrbora,bqyigbyibyojbuiigbsoza.hbozagrbyfhbiomnfihdbcazlidfdamhbohbo
xa.dybasbrmiodblmazfhi,byibyojbsannaqijbyfhbsodyimbdabdyibrmovipbYfh
zadyimbyojbjfij,bxiomhbuisamipbDyihibhanizgbqamjh,bqyfcybyojbuiig
miojbodbyfhbsodyim'hbrmovi,bomahibfgbyfhbzfgjbohbyibqigdbjaqgbdyibjomk
hdmiidh,bozagrbdyibyiovxbhyojaqh,bqfdybdyibzaagbogjbdyibcna.jhbhofnfgr
agbyfrybouavibyfzpb“Fbozbdyibmih.mmicdfagbogjbdyibnfsi,bhofdybdyibNamj:
yibdyodbuinfividybfgbzi,bdya.rybyibqimibjioj,bxidbhyonnbyibnfvi:bogj
qyahaivimbnfvidybogjbuinfividybfgbzi,bhyonnbgivimbjfip”

Fgbobcfdxbjazfgodijbuxbdyiboei,bonagibodbgfryd,bqfdybgod.monbhammaq
mfhfgrbfgbyfzbsambdyibhfedx-dymiibqyabyojbuiigbdyodbjoxbl.dbdabjiody,
ogjbsambda-zammaq'hbvfcdfzhbdyigboqofdfgrbdyifmbjaazbfgbdyiblmfhagh,
ogjbhdfnnbasbda-zammaq'hbogjbda-zammaq'h,bdyibcyofgbasbohhacfodfagbdyod
uma.rydbdyibqamjhbyazi,bnfkibobm.hdxbanjbhyfl'hbogcyambsmazbdyibjiil,
zfrydbyovibuiigbiohfnxbsa.gjpbYibjfjbgadbhiikbfd,bu.dbmiliodijbdyizbogj
qigdbagp

Qfdybobhanizgbfgdimihdbfgbdyibnfrydijbqfgjaqhbqyimibdyiblialnibqimi
rafgrbdabmihd,bsamrids.nbdyma.rybobsiqbconzbya.mhbasbdyibyammamh
h.mma.gjfgrbdyiz;bfgbdyibdaqimhbasbdyibcy.mcyih,bqyimibgablmoximh
qimibhofj,bsambdyiblal.nombmiv.nhfagbyojbivigbdmovinnijbdyodbnigrdy
asbhins-jihdm.cdfagbsmazbxiomhbasblmfihdnxbfzlahdamh,bln.gjimimh,bogj
lmasnfrodih;bfgbdyibjfhdogdbu.mfon-lnocih,bmihimvij,bohbdyixbqmadib.lag
dyibrodih,bsambIdimgonbHniil;bfgbdyiboua.gjfgrbroanh;bogjbfgbdyibhdmiidh
onagrbqyfcybdyibhfedfihbmannijbdabobjiodybqyfcybyojbuicazibhabcazzagbogj
zodimfon,bdyodbgabhammaqs.nbhdamxbasbobyo.gdfgrbHlfmfdbivimbomahibozagr
dyiblialniba.dbasbonnbdyibqamkfgrbasbdyibR.fnnadfgi;bqfdybobhanizg
fgdimihdbfgbdyibqyanibnfsibogjbjiodybasbdyibcfdxbhiddnfgrbjaqgbdabfdh
hyamdbgfrydnxblo.hibfgbs.mx;bHxjgixbComdagbcmahhijbdyibHifgiborofgbsam
dyibnfrydimbhdmiidhp

Siqbcaocyihbqimiboumaoj,bsambmfjimhbfgbcaocyihbqimibnfounibdabui
h.hlicdij,bogjbrigdfnfdxbyfjbfdhbyiojbfgbmijbgfrydcolh,bogjbl.dbagbyiovx
hyaih,bogjbdm.jrijpbU.d,bdyibdyiodmihbqimibonnbqinnbsfnnij,bogjbdyi
lialnibla.mijbcyiims.nnxba.dbohbyiblohhij,bogjbqigdbcyoddfgrbyazipbOd
agibasbdyibdyiodmibjaamh,bdyimibqohbobnfddnibrfmnbqfdybobzadyim,bnaakfgr
sambobqoxbocmahhbdyibhdmiidbdyma.rybdyibz.jpbYibcommfijbdyibcyfnjbavim,
ogjbuisamibdyibdfzfjbomzbqohbnaahijbsmazbyfhbgickbohkijbyimbsambobkfhhp

“Fbozbdyibmih.mmicdfagbogjbdyibnfsi,bhofdybdyibNamj:byibdyodbuinfividy
fgbzi,bdya.rybyibqimibjioj,bxidbhyonnbyibnfvi:bogjbqyahaivimbnfvidybogj
uinfividybfgbzi,bhyonnbgivimbjfip”

Gaq,bdyodbdyibhdmiidhbqimibw.fid,bogjbdyibgfrydbqamibag,bdyibqamjh
qimibfgbdyibicyaihbasbyfhbsiid,bogjbqimibfgbdyibofmpbLimsicdnxbconz
ogjbhdiojx,byibhazidfzihbmiliodijbdyizbdabyfzhinsbohbyibqonkij;bu.d,byi
yiomjbdyizbonqoxhp

Dyibgfrydbqamiba.d,bogj,bohbyibhdaajb.lagbdyibumfjribnfhdigfgrbdabdyi
qodimbohbfdbhlnohyijbdyibmfvim-qonnhbasbdyibFhnogjbasbLomfh,bqyimibdyi
lfcd.mihw.ibcags.hfagbasbya.hihbogjbcodyijmonbhyagibumfrydbfgbdyibnfryd
asbdyibzaag,bdyibjoxbcozibcanjnx,bnaakfgrbnfkibobjiojbsociba.dbasbdyi
hkxpbDyig,bdyibgfryd,bqfdybdyibzaagbogjbdyibhdomh,bd.mgijblonibogjbjfij,
ogjbsambobnfddnibqyfnibfdbhiizijbohbfsbCmiodfagbqimibjinfvimijbavimbda
Jiody'hbjazfgfagp

U.d,bdyibrnamfa.hbh.g,bmfhfgr,bhiizijbdabhdmfkibdyahibqamjh,bdyodbu.mjig
asbdyibgfryd,bhdmofrydbogjbqomzbdabyfhbyiomdbfgbfdhbnagrbumfrydbmoxhp
Ogjbnaakfgrbonagrbdyiz,bqfdybmivimigdnxbhyojijbixih,bobumfjribasbnfryd
olliomijbdabhlogbdyibofmbuidqiigbyfzbogjbdyibh.g,bqyfnibdyibmfvim
hlomknijb.gjimbfdp

Dyibhdmagrbdfji,bhabhqfsd,bhabjiil,bogjbcimdofg,bqohbnfkibobcagrigfon
smfigj,bfgbdyibzamgfgrbhdfnngihhpbYibqonkijbuxbdyibhdmioz,bsombsmazbdyi
ya.hih,bogjbfgbdyibnfrydbogjbqomzdybasbdyibh.gbsinnbohniilbagbdyi
uogkpbQyigbyiboqakibogjbqohbosaadborofg,byibnfgrimijbdyimibxidbobnfddni
nagrim,bqodcyfgrbogbijjxbdyodbd.mgijbogjbd.mgijbl.mlahinihh,b.gdfnbdyi
hdmiozbouhamuijbfd,bogjbcommfijbfdbagbdabdyibhiop--“Nfkibzip”

Obdmojfgr-uaod,bqfdybobhofnbasbdyibhasdigijbcana.mbasbobjiojbnios,bdyig
rnfjijbfgdabyfhbvfiq,bsnaodijbuxbyfz,bogjbjfijboqoxpbOhbfdhbhfnigdbdmock
fgbdyibqodimbjfholliomij,bdyiblmoximbdyodbyojbumakigb.lba.dbasbyfhbyiomd
sambobzimcfs.nbcaghfjimodfagbasbonnbyfhblaambunfgjgihhihbogjbimmamh,
igjijbfgbdyibqamjh,b“Fbozbdyibmih.mmicdfagbogjbdyibnfsip”

ZmpbNammxbqohbonmiojxba.dbqyigbyibradbuock,bogjbfdbqohbiohxbdabh.mzfhi
qyimibdyibraajbanjbzogbqohbragipbHxjgixbComdagbjmogkbgadyfgrbu.dbo
nfddnibcassii,bodibhazibumioj,bogj,byovfgrbqohyijbogjbcyogrijbdabmismihy
yfzhins,bqigdba.dbdabdyiblnocibasbdmfonp

Dyibca.mdbqohbonnbohdfmbogjbo-u.tt,bqyigbdyibunockbhyiil--qyazbzogxbsinn
oqoxbsmazbfgbjmioj--lmihhijbyfzbfgdabogbauhc.mibcamgimbozagrbdyibcmaqjp
ZmpbNammxbqohbdyimi,bogjbJacdambZogiddibqohbdyimipbHyibqohbdyimi,
hfddfgrbuihfjibyimbsodyimp

Qyigbyimby.huogjbqohbuma.rydbfg,bhyibd.mgijbobnaakb.lagbyfz,bha
h.hdofgfgr,bhabigca.morfgr,bhabs.nnbasbojzfmfgrbnavibogjblfdxfgr
digjimgihh,bxidbhabca.moria.hbsambyfhbhoki,bdyodbfdbconnijbdyibyiondyx
unaajbfgdabyfhbsoci,bumfrydigijbyfhbrnogci,bogjbogfzodijbyfhbyiomdpbFs
dyimibyojbuiigbogxbixihbdabgadfcibdyibfgsn.igcibasbyimbnaak,bagbHxjgix
Comdag,bfdbqa.njbyovibuiigbhiigbdabuibdyibhozibfgsn.igcibieocdnxp

Uisamibdyodb.g .hdbDmfu.gon,bdyimibqohbnfddnibambgabamjimbasblmacij.mi,
igh.mfgrbdabogxbocc.hijblimhagbogxbmiohagounibyiomfgrpbDyimibca.njbyovi
uiigbgabh.cybMivan.dfag,bfsbonnbnoqh,bsamzh,bogjbcimizagfih,byojbgad
sfmhdbuiigbhabzaghdma.hnxbou.hij,bdyodbdyibh.fcfjonbvigriogcibasbdyi
Mivan.dfagbqohbdabhcoddimbdyizbonnbdabdyibqfgjhp

Ivimxbixibqohbd.mgijbdabdyib .mxpbDyibhozibjidimzfgijblodmfadhbogjbraaj
mil.unfcoghbohbxihdimjoxbogjbdyibjoxbuisami,bogjbda-zammaqbogjbdyibjox
osdimpbIorimbogjblmazfgigdbozagrbdyiz,bagibzogbqfdybobcmovfgrbsoci,bogj
yfhbsfgrimhblimlid.onnxbyavimfgrboua.dbyfhbnflh,bqyahibolliomogci
rovibrmiodbhodfhsocdfagbdabdyibhlicdodamhpbObnfsi-dyfmhdfgr,
coggfuon-naakfgr,bunaajx-zfgjijb .mxzog,bdyib ocw.ihbDymiibasbHdp
OgdafgipbDyibqyanib .mx,bohbob .mxbasbjarhbizlogginnijbdabdmxbdyibjiimp

Ivimxbixibdyigbd.mgijbdabdyibsfvib .jrihbogjbdyibl.unfcblmahic.damp
Gabsova.mounibniogfgrbfgbdyodbw.omdimbda-joxpbObsinn,b.gcazlmazfhfgr,
z.mjima.hbu.hfgihh-ziogfgrbdyimipbIvimxbixibdyigbha.rydbhazibadyimbixi
fgbdyibcmaqj,bogjbrniozijbodbfdbollmavfgrnx;bogjbyiojhbgajjijbodbagi
ogadyim,buisamibuigjfgrbsamqomjbqfdybobhdmofgijboddigdfagp

CyomnihbIvmizagji,bconnijbJomgoxpbMiniohijbxihdimjoxpbMiocc.hijbogj
midokigbxihdimjoxpbFgjfcdzigdbjinfvimijbdabyfzbnohdbgfrydpbH.hlicdijbogj
Jiga.gcijbigizxbasbdyibMil.unfc,bOmfhdacmod,bagibasbobsozfnxbasbdxmogdh,
agibasbobmociblmahcmfuij,bsambdyodbdyixbyojb.hijbdyifmbouanfhyij
lmfvfnirihbdabdyibfgsoza.hballmihhfagbasbdyiblialnipbCyomnihbIvmizagji,
connijbJomgox,bfgbmfrydbasbh.cyblmahcmfldfag,bouhan.dinxbJiojbfgbNoqp

Dabdyfhbissicd,bfgbohbsiqbambsiqimbqamjh,bdyibL.unfcbLmahic.damp

DyibLmihfjigdbohkij,bqohbdyibOcc.hijbalignxbjiga.gcijbambhicmidnx?

“Alignx,bLmihfjigdp”

“Uxbqyaz?”

“DymiibvafcihpbImgihdbJisomri,bqfgi-vigjambasbHdpbOgdafgip”

“Raajp”

“DyimihibJisomri,byfhbqfsip”

“Raajp”

“OnieogjmibZogiddi,blyxhfcfogp”

Obrmiodb.lmaombdaakblnocibfgbdyibca.md,bogjbfgbdyibzfjhdbasbfd,bJacdam
Zogiddibqohbhiig,blonibogjbdmizunfgr,bhdogjfgrbqyimibyibyojbuiigbhiodijp

“Lmihfjigd,bFbfgjfrgogdnxblmadihdbdabxa.bdyodbdyfhbfhbobsamrimxbogj
obsmo.jpbXa.bkgaqbdyibocc.hijbdabuibdyiby.huogjbasbzxbjo.rydimpbZx
jo.rydim,bogjbdyahibjiombdabyim,bomibsombjiomimbdabzibdyogbzxbnfsipbQya
ogjbqyimibfhbdyibsonhibcaghlfmodambqyabhoxhbdyodbFbjiga.gcibdyiby.huogj
asbzxbcyfnj!”

“CfdftigbZogiddi,buibdmogw.fnpbDabsofnbfgbh.uzfhhfagbdabdyibo.dyamfdxbas
dyibDmfu.gonbqa.njbuibdabl.dbxa.mhinsba.dbasbNoqpbOhbdabqyodbfhbjiomim
dabxa.bdyogbnfsi,bgadyfgrbcogbuibhabjiombdabobraajbcfdftigbohbdyi
Mil.unfcp”

Na.jboccnozodfaghbyofnijbdyfhbmiu.kipbDyibLmihfjigdbmogrbyfhbuinn,bogj
qfdybqomzdybmih.zijp

“FsbdyibMil.unfcbhya.njbjizogjbasbxa.bdyibhocmfsfcibasbxa.mbcyfnj
yimhins,bxa.bqa.njbyovibgabj.dxbu.dbdabhocmfsfcibyimpbNfhdigbdabqyodbfh
dabsannaqpbFgbdyibziogqyfni,buibhfnigd!”

SmogdfcboccnozodfaghbqimiborofgbmofhijpbJacdambZogiddibhodbjaqg,bqfdy
yfhbixihbnaakfgrboma.gj,bogjbyfhbnflhbdmizunfgr;byfhbjo.rydimbjmiq
cnahimbdabyfzpbDyibcmovfgrbzogbagbdyib .mxbm.uuijbyfhbyogjhbdaridyim,
ogjbmihdamijbdyib.h.onbyogjbdabyfhbza.dyp

Jisomribqohblmaj.cij,bqyigbdyibca.mdbqohbw.fidbiga.rybdabojzfdbasbyfh
uifgrbyiomj,bogjbmolfjnxbiela.gjijbdyibhdamxbasbdyibfzlmfhagzigd,bogjbas
yfhbyovfgrbuiigbobzimibuaxbfgbdyibJacdam'hbhimvfci,bogjbasbdyibminiohi,
ogjbasbdyibhdodibasbdyiblmfhagimbqyigbminiohijbogjbjinfvimijbdabyfzp
Dyfhbhyamdbieozfgodfagbsannaqij,bsambdyibca.mdbqohbw.fckbqfdybfdhbqamkp

“Xa.bjfjbraajbhimvfcibodbdyibdokfgrbasbdyibUohdfnni,bcfdftig?”

“Fbuinfivibhap”

Yimi,bogbiecfdijbqazogbhcmiicyijbsmazbdyibcmaqj:b“Xa.bqimibagibasbdyi
uihdblodmfadhbdyimipbQyxbgadbhoxbha?bXa.bqimibobcoggagfimbdyodbjox
dyimi,bogjbxa.bqimibozagrbdyibsfmhdbdabigdimbdyibocc.mhijbsamdmihhbqyig
fdbsinnpbLodmfadh,bFbhliokbdyibdm.dy!”

FdbqohbDyibVigriogcibqya,bozfjhdbdyibqomzbcazzigjodfaghbasbdyibo.jfigci,
dy.hbohhfhdijbdyiblmaciijfgrhpbDyibLmihfjigdbmogrbyfhbuinn;bu.d,bDyi
Vigriogci,bqomzfgrbqfdybigca.morizigd,bhymfikij,b“Fbjisxbdyodbuinn!”
bqyimifgbhyibqohbnfkiqfhibz.cybcazzigjijp

“FgsamzbdyibDmfu.gonbasbqyodbxa.bjfjbdyodbjoxbqfdyfgbdyibUohdfnni,
cfdftigp”

“Fbkgiq,”bhofjbJisomri,bnaakfgrbjaqgbodbyfhbqfsi,bqyabhdaajbodbdyi
uaddazbasbdyibhdilhbagbqyfcybyibqohbmofhij,bnaakfgrbhdiojfnxb.lbodbyfz;
“Fbkgiqbdyodbdyfhblmfhagim,basbqyazbFbhliok,byojbuiigbcagsfgijbfgbobcinn
kgaqgbohbAgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqimpbFbkgiqbfdbsmazbyfzhinspbYi
kgiqbyfzhinsbuxbgabadyimbgozibdyogbAgibY.gjmijbogjbSfvi,bGamdybDaqim,
qyigbyibzojibhyaihb.gjimbzxbcomipbOhbFbhimvibzxbr.gbdyodbjox,bFbmihanvi,
qyigbdyiblnocibhyonnbsonn,bdabieozfgibdyodbcinnpbFdbsonnhpbFbza.gdbda
dyibcinn,bqfdybobsinnaq-cfdftigbqyabfhbagibasbdyib .mx,bjfmicdijbuxbo
roanimpbFbieozfgibfd,bvimxbcnahinxpbFgbobyanibfgbdyibcyfzgix,bqyimibo
hdagibyohbuiigbqamkijba.dbogjbmilnocij,bFbsfgjbobqmfddigblolimpbDyfhbfh
dyodbqmfddigblolimpbFbyovibzojibfdbzxbu.hfgihhbdabieozfgibhazibhlicfzigh
asbdyibqmfdfgrbasbJacdambZogiddipbDyfhbfhbdyibqmfdfgrbasbJacdambZogiddip
Fbcagsfjibdyfhblolim,bfgbdyibqmfdfgrbasbJacdambZogiddi,bdabdyibyogjhbas
dyibLmihfjigdp”

“Nidbfdbuibmiojp”

Fgbobjiojbhfnigcibogjbhdfnngihh--dyiblmfhagimb.gjimbdmfonbnaakfgr
navfgrnxbodbyfhbqfsi,byfhbqfsibagnxbnaakfgrbsmazbyfzbdabnaakbqfdy
hanfcfd.jibodbyimbsodyim,bJacdambZogiddibkiilfgrbyfhbixihbsfeijbagbdyi
miojim,bZojozibJisomribgivimbdokfgrbyimhbsmazbdyiblmfhagim,bJisomri
givimbdokfgrbyfhbsmazbyfhbsiohdfgrbqfsi,bogjbonnbdyibadyimbixihbdyimi
fgdigdb.lagbdyibJacdam,bqyabhoqbgagibasbdyiz--dyiblolimbqohbmioj,boh
sannaqhp




EpbDyibH.uhdogcibasbdyibHyojaq


“F,bOnieogjmibZogiddi,b.gsamd.godiblyxhfcfog,bgodfvibasbUio.vofh,bogj
osdimqomjhbmihfjigdbfgbLomfh,bqmfdibdyfhbzinogcyanxblolimbfgbzxbjanis.n
cinnbfgbdyibUohdfnni,bj.mfgrbdyibnohdbzagdybasbdyibxiom,b1767pbFbqmfdi
fdbodbhdanigbfgdimvonh,b.gjimbivimxbjfssfc.ndxpbFbjihfrgbdabhicmidibfd
fgbdyibqonnbasbdyibcyfzgix,bqyimibFbyovibhnaqnxbogjbnouamfa.hnxbzojibo
lnocibasbcagcionzigdbsambfdpbHaziblfdxfgrbyogjbzoxbsfgjbfdbdyimi,bqyigbF
ogjbzxbhammaqhbomibj.hdp

“Dyihibqamjhbomibsamzijbuxbdyibm.hdxbfmagblafgdbqfdybqyfcybFbqmfdibqfdy
jfssfc.ndxbfgbhcmolfgrhbasbhaadbogjbcyomcaonbsmazbdyibcyfzgix,bzfeij
qfdybunaaj,bfgbdyibnohdbzagdybasbdyibdigdybxiombasbzxbcoldfvfdxpbYali
yohbw.fdibjilomdijbsmazbzxbumiohdpbFbkgaqbsmazbdimmfunibqomgfgrhbFbyovi
gadijbfgbzxhinsbdyodbzxbmiohagbqfnnbgadbnagrbmizofgb.gfzlofmij,bu.dbF
hanizgnxbjicnomibdyodbFbozbodbdyfhbdfzibfgbdyiblahhihhfagbasbzxbmfryd
zfgj--dyodbzxbzizamxbfhbieocdbogjbcfmc.zhdogdfon--ogjbdyodbFbqmfdibdyi
dm.dybohbFbhyonnboghqimbsambdyihibzxbnohdbmicamjijbqamjh,bqyidyimbdyix
uibivimbmiojbuxbzigbambgad,bodbdyibIdimgonb .jrzigd-hiodp

“Agibcna.jxbzaagnfrydbgfryd,bfgbdyibdyfmjbqiikbasbJicizuimb(Fbdyfgkbdyi
dqigdx-hicagjbasbdyibzagdy)bfgbdyibxiomb1757,bFbqohbqonkfgrbagbobmidfmij
lomdbasbdyibw.oxbuxbdyibHifgibsambdyibmismihyzigdbasbdyibsmahdxbofm,
odbogbya.m'hbjfhdogcibsmazbzxblnocibasbmihfjigcibfgbdyibHdmiidbasbdyi
HcyaanbasbZijfcfgi,bqyigbobcommforibcozibonagrbuiyfgjbzi,bjmfvigbvimx
sohdpbOhbFbhdaajbohfjibdabnidbdyodbcommforiblohh,bollmiyighfvibdyodbfd
zfrydbadyimqfhibm.gbzibjaqg,bobyiojbqohbl.dba.dbodbdyibqfgjaq,bogjbo
vafcibconnijbdabdyibjmfvimbdabhdalp

“Dyibcommforibhdallijbohbhaagbohbdyibjmfvimbca.njbmifgbfgbyfhbyamhih,
ogjbdyibhozibvafcibconnijbdabzibuxbzxbgozipbFboghqimijpbDyibcommfori
qohbdyigbhabsombfgbojvogcibasbzibdyodbdqabrigdnizigbyojbdfzibdabaligbdyi
jaambogjbonfrydbuisamibFbcozib.lbqfdybfdp

“Fbauhimvijbdyodbdyixbqimibuadybqmollijbfgbcnaokh,bogjbolliomijbda
cagcionbdyizhinvihpbOhbdyixbhdaajbhfjibuxbhfjibgiombdyibcommforibjaam,
Fbonhabauhimvijbdyodbdyixbuadybnaakijbasboua.dbzxbaqgbori,bambmodyim
xa.grim,bogjbdyodbdyixbqimibrmiodnxbonfki,bfgbhdod.mi,bzoggim,bvafci,
ogjb(ohbsombohbFbca.njbhii)bsocibdaap

“'Xa.bomibJacdambZogiddi?'bhofjbagip

“Fbozp”

“'JacdambZogiddi,bsamzimnxbasbUio.vofh,'bhofjbdyibadyim;b'dyibxa.gr
lyxhfcfog,bamfrfgonnxbogbielimdbh.mriag,bqyabqfdyfgbdyibnohdbxiombambdqa
yohbzojibobmfhfgrbmil.dodfagbfgbLomfh?'

“'Rigdnizig,'bFbmid.mgij,b'FbozbdyodbJacdambZogiddibasbqyazbxa.bhliokbha
rmocfa.hnxp'

“'Qibyovibuiigbdabxa.mbmihfjigci,'bhofjbdyibsfmhd,b'ogjbgadbuifgr
habsamd.godibohbdabsfgjbxa.bdyimi,bogjbuifgrbfgsamzijbdyodbxa.bqimi
lmauounxbqonkfgrbfgbdyfhbjfmicdfag,bqibsannaqij,bfgbdyibyalibas
avimdokfgrbxa.pbQfnnbxa.blniohibdabigdimbdyibcommfori?'

“Dyibzoggimbasbuadybqohbfzlimfa.h,bogjbdyixbuadybzavij,bohbdyihibqamjh
qimibhlakig,bhabohbdablnocibzibuidqiigbdyizhinvihbogjbdyibcommforibjaamp
DyixbqimibomzijpbFbqohbgadp

“'Rigdnizig,'bhofjbF,b'lomjagbzi;bu.dbFb.h.onnxbfgw.fmibqyabjaihbzi
dyibyaga.mbdabhiikbzxbohhfhdogci,bogjbqyodbfhbdyibgod.mibasbdyibcohibda
qyfcybFbozbh.zzagijp'

“Dyibmilnxbdabdyfhbqohbzojibuxbyfzbqyabyojbhlakigbhicagjpb'Jacdam,
xa.mbcnfigdhbomiblialnibasbcagjfdfagpbOhbdabdyibgod.mibasbdyibcohi,
a.mbcagsfjigcibfgbxa.mbhkfnnbohh.mihb.hbdyodbxa.bqfnnbohcimdofgbfdbsam
xa.mhinsbuiddimbdyogbqibcogbjihcmfuibfdpbIga.rypbQfnnbxa.blniohibda
igdimbdyibcommfori?'

“Fbca.njbjabgadyfgrbu.dbcazlnx,bogjbFbigdimijbfdbfgbhfnigcipbDyixbuady
igdimijbosdimbzi--dyibnohdbhlmfgrfgrbfg,bosdimbl.ddfgrb.lbdyibhdilhpbDyi
commforibd.mgijboua.d,bogjbjmavibagbodbfdhbsamzimbhliijp

“Fbmiliodbdyfhbcagvimhodfagbieocdnxbohbfdbacc.mmijpbFbyovibgabja.udbdyod
fdbfh,bqamjbsambqamj,bdyibhozipbFbjihcmfuibivimxdyfgrbieocdnxbohbfdbdaak
lnoci,bcaghdmofgfgrbzxbzfgjbgadbdabqogjimbsmazbdyibdohkpbQyimibFbzoki
dyibumakigbzomkhbdyodbsannaqbyimi,bFbniovibassbsambdyibdfzi,bogjbl.dbzx
lolimbfgbfdhbyfjfgr-lnocip

bbbbbbbb*****

“Dyibcommforibnisdbdyibhdmiidhbuiyfgj,blohhijbdyibGamdybUommfim,bogj
izimrijb.lagbdyibca.gdmxbmaojpbOdbdqa-dyfmjhbasbobnior.ibsmazbdyi
Uommfim--Fbjfjbgadbihdfzodibdyibjfhdogcibodbdyodbdfzi,bu.dbosdimqomjh
qyigbFbdmovimhijbfd--fdbhdm.ckba.dbasbdyibzofgbovig.i,bogjblmihigdnx
hdallijbodbobhanfdomxbya.hi,bQibonnbdymiibonfrydij,bogjbqonkij,bux
objozlbhasdbsaadlodybfgbobromjigbqyimibobgirnicdijbsa.gdofgbyoj
avimsnaqij,bdabdyibjaambasbdyibya.hipbFdbqohbgadbaligijbfzzijfodinx,bfg
oghqimbdabdyibmfgrfgrbasbdyibuinn,bogjbagibasbzxbdqabcagj.cdamhbhdm.ck
dyibzogbqyabaligijbfd,bqfdybyfhbyiovxbmfjfgrbrnavi,bocmahhbdyibsocip

“Dyimibqohbgadyfgrbfgbdyfhbocdfagbdaboddmocdbzxblomdfc.nomboddigdfag,
sambFbyojbhiigbcazzagblialnibhdm.ckbzamibcazzagnxbdyogbjarhpbU.d,bdyi
adyimbasbdyibdqa,buifgrbogrmxbnfkiqfhi,bhdm.ckbdyibzogbfgbnfkibzoggim
qfdybyfhbomz;bdyibnaakbogjbuiomfgrbasbdyibumadyimhbqimibdyigbhabieocdnx
onfki,bdyodbFbdyigbsfmhdblimcifvijbdyizbdabuibdqfgbumadyimhp

“Smazbdyibdfzibasba.mbonfrydfgrbodbdyiba.dimbrodib(qyfcybqibsa.gj
nackij,bogjbqyfcybagibasbdyibumadyimhbyojbaligijbdabojzfdb.h,bogjbyoj
minackij),bFbyojbyiomjbcmfihblmaciijfgrbsmazbogb.llimbcyozuimpbFbqoh
cagj.cdijbdabdyfhbcyozuimbhdmofryd,bdyibcmfihbrmaqfgrbna.jimbohbqi
ohcigjijbdyibhdofmh,bogjbFbsa.gjboblodfigdbfgbobyfrybsivimbasbdyibumofg,
nxfgrbagbobuijp

“Dyiblodfigdbqohbobqazogbasbrmiodbuio.dx,bogjbxa.gr;bohh.mijnxbgadbz.cy
lohdbdqigdxpbYimbyofmbqohbdamgbogjbmorrij,bogjbyimbomzhbqimibua.gjbda
yimbhfjihbqfdybhohyihbogjbyogjkimcyfishpbFbgadfcijbdyodbdyihibuagjhbqimi
onnblamdfaghbasbobrigdnizog'hbjmihhpbAgbagibasbdyiz,bqyfcybqohbobsmfgrij
hcomsbsambobjmihhbasbcimizagx,bFbhoqbdyibomzamfonbuiomfgrhbasbobGauni,
ogjbdyibniddimbIp

“Fbhoqbdyfh,bqfdyfgbdyibsfmhdbzfg.dibasbzxbcagdizlnodfagbasbdyiblodfigd;
sam,bfgbyimbmihdnihhbhdmfvfgrhbhyibyojbd.mgijbavimbagbyimbsocibagbdyi
ijribasbdyibuij,byojbjmoqgbdyibigjbasbdyibhcomsbfgdabyimbza.dy,bogjbqoh
fgbjogrimbasbh.ssacodfagpbZxbsfmhdbocdbqohbdabl.dba.dbzxbyogjbdabminfivi
yimbumiodyfgr;bogjbfgbzavfgrbdyibhcomsbohfji,bdyibizumafjimxbfgbdyi
camgimbco.rydbzxbhfrydp

“Fbd.mgijbyimbrigdnxbavim,blnocijbzxbyogjhb.lagbyimbumiohdbdabconzbyim
ogjbkiilbyimbjaqg,bogjbnaakijbfgdabyimbsocipbYimbixihbqimibjfnodijbogj
qfnj,bogjbhyibcaghdogdnxb.ddimijblfimcfgrbhymfikh,bogjbmiliodijbdyi
qamjh,b'Zxby.huogj,bzxbsodyim,bogjbzxbumadyim!'bogjbdyigbca.gdijb.lbda
dqinvi,bogjbhofj,b'Y.hy!'bSambogbfghdogd,bogjbgabzami,bhyibqa.njblo.hi
dabnfhdig,bogjbdyigbdyiblfimcfgrbhymfikhbqa.njbuirfgborofg,bogjbhyi
qa.njbmiliodbdyibcmx,b'Zxby.huogj,bzxbsodyim,bogjbzxbumadyim!'bogj
qa.njbca.gdb.lbdabdqinvi,bogjbhox,b'Y.hy!'bDyimibqohbgabvomfodfagbfgbdyi
amjim,bambdyibzoggimpbDyimibqohbgabcihhodfag,bu.dbdyibmir.nombzazigd'h
lo.hi,bfgbdyib.ddimogcibasbdyihibha.gjhp

“'Yaqbnagr,'bFbohkij,b'yohbdyfhbnohdij?'

“Dabjfhdfgr.fhybdyibumadyimh,bFbqfnnbconnbdyizbdyibinjimbogjbdyi
xa.grim;buxbdyibinjim,bFbziogbyfzbqyabieimcfhijbdyibzahdbo.dyamfdxpbFd
qohbdyibinjimbqyabmilnfij,b'Hfgciboua.dbdyfhbya.mbnohdbgfrydp'

“'Hyibyohboby.huogj,bobsodyim,bogjbobumadyim?'

“'Obumadyimp'

“'Fbjabgadbojjmihhbyimbumadyim?'

“Yiboghqimijbqfdybrmiodbcagdizld,b'Gap'

“'Hyibyohbhazibmicigdbohhacfodfagbqfdybdyibg.zuimbdqinvi?'

“Dyibxa.grimbumadyimbfzlodfigdnxbmi afgij,b'Qfdybdqinviba'cnack?'

“'Hii,brigdnizig,'bhofjbF,bhdfnnbkiilfgrbzxbyogjhb.lagbyimbumiohd,b'yaq
.hinihhbFboz,bohbxa.byovibuma.rydbzi!bFsbFbyojbkgaqgbqyodbFbqohbcazfgr
dabhii,bFbca.njbyovibcaziblmavfjijpbOhbfdbfh,bdfzibz.hdbuibnahdpbDyimi
omibgabzijfcfgihbdabuibaudofgijbfgbdyfhbnaginxblnocip'

“Dyibinjimbumadyimbnaakijbdabdyibxa.grim,bqyabhofjbyo.rydfnx,b'Dyimibfh
obcohibasbzijfcfgihbyimi;'bogjbuma.rydbfdbsmazbobcnahid,bogjbl.dbfdbag
dyibdounip

bbbbbbbb*****

“Fbaligijbhazibasbdyibuaddnih,bhzindbdyiz,bogjbl.dbdyibhdallimhbdabzx
nflhpbFsbFbyojbqogdijbdab.hibogxdyfgrbhovibgomcadfcbzijfcfgihbdyodbqimi
lafhaghbfgbdyizhinvih,bFbqa.njbgadbyovibojzfgfhdimijbogxbasbdyahip

“'Jabxa.bja.udbdyiz?'bohkijbdyibxa.grimbumadyimp

“'Xa.bhii,bzaghfi.m,bFbozbrafgrbdab.hibdyiz,'bFbmilnfij,bogjbhofjbga
zamip

“Fbzojibdyiblodfigdbhqonnaq,bqfdybrmiodbjfssfc.ndx,bogjbosdimbzogx
issamdh,bdyibjahibdyodbFbjihfmijbdabrfvipbOhbFbfgdigjijbdabmiliodbfd
osdimbobqyfni,bogjbohbfdbqohbgicihhomxbdabqodcybfdhbfgsn.igci,bFbdyig
hodbjaqgbuxbdyibhfjibasbdyibuijpbDyimibqohbobdfzfjbogjbh.llmihhijbqazog
fgboddigjogcib(qfsibasbdyibzogbjaqg-hdofmh),bqyabyojbmidmiodijbfgda
obcamgimpbDyibya.hibqohbjozlbogjbjicoxij,bfgjfssimigdnx
s.mgfhyij--ivfjigdnx,bmicigdnxbacc.lfijbogjbdizlamomfnxb.hijpbHazibdyfck
anjbyogrfgrhbyojbuiigbgofnijb.lbuisamibdyibqfgjaqh,bdabjiojigbdyi
ha.gjbasbdyibhymfikhpbDyixbcagdfg.ijbdabuib.ddimijbfgbdyifmbmir.nom
h.ccihhfag,bqfdybdyibcmx,b'Zxby.huogj,bzxbsodyim,bogjbzxbumadyim!'bdyi
ca.gdfgrb.lbdabdqinvi,bogjb'Y.hy!'bDyibsmigtxbqohbhabvfanigd,bdyodbFbyoj
gadb.gsohdigijbdyibuogjorihbmihdmofgfgrbdyibomzh;bu.d,bFbyojbnaakijbda
dyiz,bdabhiibdyodbdyixbqimibgadblofgs.npbDyibagnxbhlomkbasbigca.morizigd
fgbdyibcohi,bqoh,bdyodbzxbyogjb.lagbdyibh.ssimim'hbumiohdbyojbdyfhbz.cy
haadyfgrbfgsn.igci,bdyodbsambzfg.dihbodbobdfzibfdbdmogw.fnnfhijbdyi
sfr.mipbFdbyojbgabissicdb.lagbdyibcmfih;bgabligj.n.zbca.njbuibzami
mir.nomp

“Sambdyibmiohagbdyodbzxbyogjbyojbdyfhbissicdb(Fbohh.zi),bFbyojbhodbux
dyibhfjibasbdyibuijbsambyonsbogbya.m,bqfdybdyibdqabumadyimhbnaakfgrbag,
uisamibdyibinjimbhofj:

“'Dyimibfhbogadyimblodfigdp'

“Fbqohbhdomdnij,bogjbohkij,b'Fhbfdboblmihhfgrbcohi?'

“'Xa.byojbuiddimbhii,'byibcominihhnxboghqimij;bogjbdaakb.lbobnfrydp

bbbbbbbb*****

“Dyibadyimblodfigdbnoxbfgbobuockbmaazbocmahhbobhicagjbhdofmcohi,bqyfcy
qohbobhlicfihbasbnasdbavimbobhdounipbDyimibqohbobnaqblnohdimijbcifnfgr
daboblomdbasbfd;bdyibmihdbqohbalig,bdabdyibmfjribasbdyibdfnijbmaas,bogj
dyimibqimibuiozhbocmahhpbYoxbogjbhdmoqbqimibhdamijbfgbdyodblamdfagbas
dyiblnoci,bsoradhbsambsfmfgr,bogjbobyiolbasbollnihbfgbhogjpbFbyojbda
lohhbdyma.rybdyodblomd,bdabridbodbdyibadyimpbZxbzizamxbfhbcfmc.zhdogdfon
ogjb.ghyokigpbFbdmxbfdbqfdybdyihibjidofnh,bogjbFbhiibdyizbonn,bfg
dyfhbzxbcinnbfgbdyibUohdfnni,bgiombdyibcnahibasbdyibdigdybxiombasbzx
coldfvfdx,bohbFbhoqbdyizbonnbdyodbgfrydp

“Agbhazibyoxbagbdyibrma.gj,bqfdybobc.hyfagbdymaqgb.gjimbyfhbyioj,bnoxbo
yogjhazibliohogdbuax--obuaxbasbgadbzamibdyogbhivigdiigbodbdyibzahdp
Yibnoxbagbyfhbuock,bqfdybyfhbdiidybhid,byfhbmfrydbyogjbcnigcyijbagbyfh
umiohd,bogjbyfhbrnomfgrbixihbnaakfgrbhdmofrydb.lqomjpbFbca.njbgadbhii
qyimibyfhbqa.gjbqoh,bohbFbkgiinijbagbagibkgiibavimbyfz;bu.d,bFbca.njbhii
dyodbyibqohbjxfgrbasbobqa.gjbsmazbobhyomlblafgdp

“'Fbozbobjacdam,bzxblaambsinnaq,'bhofjbFpb'Nidbzibieozfgibfdp'

“'Fbjabgadbqogdbfdbieozfgij,'byiboghqimij;b'nidbfdbuip'

“Fdbqohb.gjimbyfhbyogj,bogjbFbhaadyijbyfzbdabnidbzibzavibyfhbyogjboqoxp
Dyibqa.gjbqohbobhqamj-dym.hd,bmicifvijbsmazbdqigdxbdabdqigdx-sa.mbya.mh
uisami,bu.dbgabhkfnnbca.njbyovibhovijbyfzbfsbfdbyojbuiigbnaakijbda
qfdya.dbjinoxpbYibqohbdyigbjxfgrbsohdpbOhbFbd.mgijbzxbixihbdabdyibinjim
umadyim,bFbhoqbyfzbnaakfgrbjaqgbodbdyfhbyogjhazibuaxbqyahibnfsibqoh
iuufgrba.d,bohbfsbyibqimibobqa.gjijbufmj,bambyomi,bambmouufd;bgadbodbonn
ohbfsbyibqimibobsinnaq-cmiod.mip

“'Yaqbyohbdyfhbuiigbjagi,bzaghfi.m?'bhofjbFp

“'Obcmotijbxa.grbcazzagbjar!bObhims!bSamcijbzxbumadyimbdabjmoqb.lagbyfz,
ogjbyohbsonnigbuxbzxbumadyim'hbhqamj--nfkibobrigdnizogp'

“Dyimibqohbgabda.cybasblfdx,bhammaq,bambkfgjmijby.zogfdx,bfgbdyfh
oghqimpbDyibhliokimbhiizijbdabockgaqnijribdyodbfdbqohbfgcagvigfigdbda
yovibdyodbjfssimigdbamjimbasbcmiod.mibjxfgrbdyimi,bogjbdyodbfdbqa.nj
yovibuiigbuiddimbfsbyibyojbjfijbfgbdyib.h.onbauhc.mibma.dfgibasbyfh
vimzfgbkfgjpbYibqohbw.fdibfgcolounibasbogxbcazlohhfagodibsiinfgrboua.d
dyibuax,bamboua.dbyfhbsodip

“Dyibuax'hbixihbyojbhnaqnxbzavijbdabyfzbohbyibyojbhlakig,bogjbdyixbgaq
hnaqnxbzavijbdabzip

“'Jacdam,bdyixbomibvimxblma.j,bdyihibGaunih;bu.dbqibcazzagbjarhbomi
lma.jbdaa,bhazidfzihpbDyixbln.gjimb.h,ba.dmorib.h,buiodb.h,bkfnnb.h;bu.d
qibyovibobnfddniblmfjibnisd,bhazidfzihpbHyi--yovibxa.bhiigbyim,bJacdam?'

“Dyibhymfikhbogjbdyibcmfihbqimibo.jfunibdyimi,bdya.rybh.uj.ijbuxbdyi
jfhdogcipbYibmisimmijbdabdyiz,bohbfsbhyibqimibnxfgrbfgba.mblmihigcip

“Fbhofj,b'Fbyovibhiigbyimp'

“'Hyibfhbzxbhfhdim,bJacdampbDyixbyovibyojbdyifmbhyozis.nbmfrydh,bdyihi
Gaunih,bfgbdyibzajihdxbogjbvfmd.ibasba.mbhfhdimh,bzogxbxiomh,bu.dbqi
yovibyojbraajbrfmnhbozagrb.hpbFbkgaqbfd,bogjbyovibyiomjbzxbsodyimbhox
hapbHyibqohbobraajbrfmnpbHyibqohbuidmadyijbdabobraajbxa.grbzog,bdaa:bo
digogdbasbyfhpbQibqimibonnbdigogdhbasbyfh--dyodbzog'hbqyabhdogjhbdyimip
Dyibadyimbfhbyfhbumadyim,bdyibqamhdbasbobuojbmocip'

“Fdbqohbqfdybdyibrmiodihdbjfssfc.ndxbdyodbdyibuaxbrodyimijbuajfnxbsamci
dabhliok;bu.d,byfhbhlfmfdbhlakibqfdybobjmiojs.nbizlyohfhp

“'Qibqimibhabmauuijbuxbdyodbzogbqyabhdogjhbdyimi,bohbonnbqibcazzagbjarh
omibuxbdyahibh.limfambUifgrh--doeijbuxbyfzbqfdya.dbzimcx,baunfrijbda
qamkbsambyfzbqfdya.dblox,baunfrijbdabrmfgjba.mbcamgbodbyfhbzfnn,baunfrij
dabsiijbhcamihbasbyfhbdozibufmjhbagba.mbqmidcyijbcmalh,bogjbsamufjjig
samba.mbnfvihbdabkiilbobhfgrnibdozibufmjbasba.mbaqg,blfnnorijbogj
ln.gjimijbdabdyodbjirmiibdyodbqyigbqibcyogcijbdabyovibobufdbasbziod,bqi
odibfdbfgbsiom,bqfdybdyibjaambuommijbogjbdyibhy.ddimhbcnahij,bdyodbyfh
lialnibhya.njbgadbhiibfdbogjbdokibfdbsmazb.h--Fbhox,bqibqimibhabmauuij,
ogjby.gdij,bogjbqimibzojibhablaam,bdyodba.mbsodyimbdanjb.hbfdbqohbo
jmiojs.nbdyfgrbdabumfgrbobcyfnjbfgdabdyibqamnj,bogjbdyodbqyodbqibhya.nj
zahdblmoxbsam,bqoh,bdyodba.mbqazigbzfrydbuibuommigbogjba.mbzfhimouni
mocibjfiba.d!'

“Fbyojbgivimbuisamibhiigbdyibhighibasbuifgrballmihhij,bu.mhdfgrbsamdy
nfkibobsfmipbFbyojbh.llahijbdyodbfdbz.hdbuibnodigdbfgbdyiblialni
haziqyimi;bu.d,bFbyojbgivimbhiigbfdbumiokba.d,b.gdfnbFbhoqbfdbfgbdyi
jxfgrbuaxp

“'Givimdyinihh,bJacdam,bzxbhfhdimbzommfijpbYibqohbofnfgrbodbdyodbdfzi,
laambsinnaq,bogjbhyibzommfijbyimbnavim,bdyodbhyibzfrydbdigjbogjbcazsamd
yfzbfgba.mbcaddori--a.mbjar-y.d,bohbdyodbzogbqa.njbconnbfdpbHyibyojbgad
uiigbzommfijbzogxbqiikh,bqyigbdyodbzog'hbumadyimbhoqbyimbogjbojzfmij
yim,bogjbohkijbdyodbzogbdabnigjbyimbdabyfz--sambqyodbomiby.huogjhbozagr
.h!bYibqohbqfnnfgrbiga.ry,bu.dbzxbhfhdimbqohbraajbogjbvfmd.a.h,bogj
yodijbyfhbumadyimbqfdybobyodmijbohbhdmagrbohbzfgipbQyodbjfjbdyibdqa
dyig,bdablimh.ojibyimby.huogjbdab.hibyfhbfgsn.igcibqfdybyim,bdabzokibyim
qfnnfgr?'

“Dyibuax'hbixih,bqyfcybyojbuiigbsfeijbagbzfgi,bhnaqnxbd.mgijbdabdyi
naakim-ag,bogjbFbhoqbfgbdyibdqabsocihbdyodbonnbyibhofjbqohbdm.ipbDyibdqa
allahfgrbkfgjhbasblmfjibcagsmagdfgrbagibogadyim,bFbcogbhii,bivigbfgbdyfh
Uohdfnni;bdyibrigdnizog'h,bonnbgirnfrigdbfgjfssimigci;bdyibliohogd'h,bonn
dmajjig-jaqgbhigdfzigd,bogjblohhfagodibmivigrip

“'Xa.bkgaq,bJacdam,bdyodbfdbfhbozagrbdyibMfrydhbasbdyihibGaunihbda
yomgihhb.hbcazzagbjarhbdabcomdh,bogjbjmfvib.hpbDyixbhabyomgihhijbyfzbogj
jmavibyfzpbXa.bkgaqbdyodbfdbfhbozagrbdyifmbMfrydhbdabkiilb.hbfgbdyifm
rma.gjhbonnbgfryd,bw.fidfgrbdyibsmarh,bfgbamjimbdyodbdyifmbgaunibhniil
zoxbgadbuibjfhd.muijpbDyixbkildbyfzba.dbfgbdyib.gqyanihazibzfhdhbod
gfryd,bogjbamjimijbyfzbuockbfgdabyfhbyomgihhbfgbdyibjoxpbU.dbyibqoh
gadblimh.ojijpbGa!bDokigba.dbasbyomgihhbagibjoxbodbgaag,bdabsiij--fsbyi
ca.njbsfgjbsaaj--yibhauuijbdqinvibdfzih,bagcibsambivimxbhdmakibasbdyi
uinn,bogjbjfijbagbyimbuahazp'

“Gadyfgrby.zogbca.njbyovibyinjbnfsibfgbdyibuaxbu.dbyfhbjidimzfgodfagbda
dinnbonnbyfhbqmagrpbYibsamcijbuockbdyibrodyimfgrbhyojaqhbasbjiody,boh
yibsamcijbyfhbcnigcyijbmfrydbyogjbdabmizofgbcnigcyij,bogjbdabcavimbyfh
qa.gjp

“'Dyig,bqfdybdyodbzog'hblimzfhhfagbogjbivigbqfdybyfhbofj,byfh
umadyimbdaakbyimboqox;bfgbhlfdibasbqyodbFbkgaqbhyibz.hdbyovibdanjbyfh
umadyim--ogjbqyodbdyodbfh,bqfnnbgadbuibnagrb.gkgaqgbdabxa.,bJacdam,bfs
fdbfhbgaq--yfhbumadyimbdaakbyimboqox--sambyfhblnioh.mibogjbjfvimhfag,
sambobnfddnibqyfnipbFbhoqbyimblohhbzibagbdyibmaojpbQyigbFbdaakbdyi
dfjfgrhbyazi,ba.mbsodyim'hbyiomdbu.mhd;byibgivimbhlakibagibasbdyibqamjh
dyodbsfnnijbfdpbFbdaakbzxbxa.grbhfhdimb(sambFbyovibogadyim)bdaboblnoci
uixagjbdyibmiocybasbdyfhbzog,bogjbqyimi,bodbniohd,bhyibqfnnbgivimbui
_yfh_bvohhonpbDyig,bFbdmockijbdyibumadyimbyimi,bogjbnohdbgfrydbcnfzuij
fg--obcazzagbjar,bu.dbhqamjbfgbyogjp--Qyimibfhbdyibnasdbqfgjaq?bFdbqoh
haziqyimibyimi?'

“Dyibmaazbqohbjomkigfgrbdabyfhbhfryd;bdyibqamnjbqohbgommaqfgrboma.gj
yfzpbFbrnogcijboua.dbzi,bogjbhoqbdyodbdyibyoxbogjbhdmoqbqimibdmozlnij
avimbdyibsnaam,bohbfsbdyimibyojbuiigbobhdm.rrnip

“'Hyibyiomjbzi,bogjbmogbfgpbFbdanjbyimbgadbdabcazibgiomb.hbdfnnbyibqoh
jiojpbYibcozibfgbogjbsfmhdbdahhijbzibhaziblficihbasbzagix;bdyigbhdm.ck
odbzibqfdybobqyflpbU.dbF,bdya.rybobcazzagbjar,bhabhdm.ckbodbyfzbohbda
zokibyfzbjmoqpbNidbyfzbumiokbfgdabohbzogxblficihbohbyibqfnn,bdyibhqamj
dyodbyibhdofgijbqfdybzxbcazzagbunaaj;byibjmiqbdabjisigjbyfzhins--dym.hd
odbzibqfdybonnbyfhbhkfnnbsambyfhbnfsip'

“Zxbrnogcibyojbsonnig,bu.dbobsiqbzazigdhbuisami,bagbdyibsmorzigdhbas
obumakigbhqamj,bnxfgrbozagrbdyibyoxpbDyodbqiolagbqohbobrigdnizog'hpbFg
ogadyimblnoci,bnoxbogbanjbhqamjbdyodbhiizijbdabyovibuiigbobhanjfim'hp

“'Gaq,bnfsdbzib.l,bJacdam;bnfsdbzib.lpbQyimibfhbyi?'

“'Yibfhbgadbyimi,'bFbhofj,bh.llamdfgrbdyibuax,bogjbdyfgkfgrbdyodbyi
misimmijbdabdyibumadyimp

“'Yi!bLma.jbohbdyihibgaunihbomi,byibfhbosmofjbdabhiibzipbQyimibfhbdyi
zogbqyabqohbyimi?bD.mgbzxbsocibdabyfzp'

“Fbjfjbha,bmofhfgrbdyibuax'hbyiojborofghdbzxbkgiipbU.d,bfgvihdijbsambdyi
zazigdbqfdybiedmoamjfgomxblaqim,byibmofhijbyfzhinsbcazlnidinx:baunfrfgr
zibdabmfhibdaa,bambFbca.njbgadbyovibhdfnnbh.llamdijbyfzp

“'Zomw.fh,'bhofjbdyibuax,bd.mgijbdabyfzbqfdybyfhbixihbaligijbqfji,bogj
yfhbmfrydbyogjbmofhij,b'fgbdyibjoxhbqyigbonnbdyihibdyfgrhbomibdabui
oghqimijbsam,bFbh.zzagbxa.bogjbxa.mh,bdabdyibnohdbasbxa.mbuojbmoci,bda
oghqimbsambdyizpbFbzomkbdyfhbcmahhbasbunaajb.lagbxa.,bohbobhfrgbdyod
FbjabfdpbFgbdyibjoxhbqyigbonnbdyihibdyfgrhbomibdabuiboghqimijbsam,
Fbh.zzagbxa.mbumadyim,bdyibqamhdbasbdyibuojbmoci,bdaboghqimbsambdyiz
hilomodinxpbFbzomkbdyfhbcmahhbasbunaajb.lagbyfz,bohbobhfrgbdyodbFbja
fdp'

“Dqfci,byibl.dbyfhbyogjbdabdyibqa.gjbfgbyfhbumiohd,bogjbqfdybyfh
samisfgrimbjmiqbobcmahhbfgbdyibofmpbYibhdaajbsambogbfghdogdbqfdybdyi
sfgrimbxidbmofhij,bogjbohbfdbjmallij,byibjmallijbqfdybfd,bogjbFbnofjbyfz
jaqgbjiojp

bbbbbbbb*****

“QyigbFbmid.mgijbdabdyibuijhfjibasbdyibxa.grbqazog,bFbsa.gjbyimbmovfgr
fgblmicfhinxbdyibhozibamjimbasbcagdfg.fdxpbFbkgiqbdyodbdyfhbzfrydbnohd
sambzogxbya.mh,bogjbdyodbfdbqa.njblmauounxbigjbfgbdyibhfnigcibasbdyi
rmovip

“FbmiliodijbdyibzijfcfgihbFbyojbrfvigbyim,bogjbFbhodbodbdyibhfjibas
dyibuijb.gdfnbdyibgfrydbqohbsombojvogcijpbHyibgivimbouodijbdyiblfimcfgr
w.onfdxbasbyimbhymfikh,bgivimbhd.zunijbfgbdyibjfhdfgcdgihhbambdyibamjim
asbyimbqamjhpbDyixbqimibonqoxhb'Zxby.huogj,bzxbsodyim,bogjbzxbumadyim!
Agi,bdqa,bdymii,bsa.m,bsfvi,bhfe,bhivig,bifryd,bgfgi,bdig,binivig,
dqinvipbY.hy!'

“Dyfhbnohdijbdqigdx-hfebya.mhbsmazbdyibdfzibqyigbFbsfmhdbhoqbyimpbFbyoj
cazibogjbragibdqfci,bogjbqohborofgbhfddfgrbuxbyim,bqyigbhyibuirogbda
sondimpbFbjfjbqyodbnfddnibca.njbuibjagibdabohhfhdbdyodballamd.gfdx,bogj
ux-ogj-uxibhyibhogkbfgdabobnidyomrx,bogjbnoxbnfkibdyibjiojp

“Fdbqohbohbfsbdyibqfgjbogjbmofgbyojbn.nnijbodbnohd,bosdimbobnagrbogj
sioms.nbhdamzpbFbminiohijbyimbomzh,bogjbconnijbdyibqazogbdabohhfhdbzibda
cazlahibyimbsfr.mibogjbdyibjmihhbhyibyojbdamgpbFdbqohbdyigbdyodbFbkgiq
yimbcagjfdfagbdabuibdyodbasbagibfgbqyazbdyibsfmhdbielicdodfaghbasbuifgr
obzadyimbyovibomfhig;bogjbfdbqohbdyigbdyodbFbnahdbdyibnfddnibyalibFbyoj
yojbasbyimp

“'Fhbhyibjioj?'bohkijbdyibZomw.fh,bqyazbFbqfnnbhdfnnbjihcmfuibohbdyi
injimbumadyim,bcazfgrbuaadijbfgdabdyibmaazbsmazbyfhbyamhip

“'Gadbjioj,'bhofjbF;b'u.dbnfkibdabjfip'

“'Qyodbhdmigrdybdyimibfhbfgbdyihibcazzagbuajfih!'byibhofj,bnaakfgrbjaqg
odbyimbqfdybhazibc.mfahfdxp

“'Dyimibfhblmajfrfa.hbhdmigrdy,'bFboghqimijbyfz,b'fgbhammaqbogj
jihlofmp'

“Yibsfmhdbno.ryijbodbzxbqamjh,bogjbdyigbsmaqgijbodbdyizpbYibzavijbo
cyofmbqfdybyfhbsaadbgiombdabzfgi,bamjimijbdyibqazogboqox,bogjbhofjbfgbo
h.uj.ijbvafci,

“'Jacdam,bsfgjfgrbzxbumadyimbfgbdyfhbjfssfc.ndxbqfdybdyihibyfgjh,bF
micazzigjijbdyodbxa.mbofjbhya.njbuibfgvfdijpbXa.mbmil.dodfagbfhbyfry,
ogj,bohbobxa.grbzogbqfdybxa.mbsamd.gibdabzoki,bxa.bomiblmauounxbzfgjs.n
asbxa.mbfgdimihdpbDyibdyfgrhbdyodbxa.bhiibyimi,bomibdyfgrhbdabuibhiig,
ogjbgadbhlakigbasp'

“Fbnfhdigijbdabdyiblodfigd'hbumiodyfgr,bogjbovafjijboghqimfgrp

“'Jabxa.byaga.mbzibqfdybxa.mboddigdfag,bJacdam?'

“'Zaghfi.m,'bhofjbF,b'fgbzxblmasihhfag,bdyibcazz.gfcodfaghbasblodfigdh
omibonqoxhbmicifvijbfgbcagsfjigcip'bFbqohbr.omjijbfgbzxboghqim,bsambF
qohbdma.unijbfgbzxbzfgjbqfdybqyodbFbyojbyiomjbogjbhiigp

“Yimbumiodyfgrbqohbhabjfssfc.ndbdabdmoci,bdyodbFbcomis.nnxbdmfijbdyi
l.nhibogjbdyibyiomdpbDyimibqohbnfsi,bogjbgabzamipbNaakfgrbma.gjbohbF
mih.zijbzxbhiod,bFbsa.gjbuadybdyibumadyimhbfgdigdb.lagbzip

bbbbbbbb*****

“Fbqmfdibqfdybhabz.cybjfssfc.ndx,bdyibcanjbfhbhabhivimi,bFbozbha
sioms.nbasbuifgrbjidicdijbogjbcaghfrgijbdabogb.gjimrma.gjbcinnbogjbdadon
jomkgihh,bdyodbFbz.hdboumfjribdyfhbgommodfvipbDyimibfhbgabcags.hfagbam
sofn.mibfgbzxbzizamx;bfdbcogbmiconn,bogjbca.njbjidofn,bivimxbqamjbdyod
qohbivimbhlakigbuidqiigbzibogjbdyahibumadyimhp

“HyibnfgrimijbsambobqiikpbDaqomjhbdyibnohd,bFbca.njb.gjimhdogjbhazibsiq
hxnnounihbdyodbhyibhofjbdabzi,buxblnocfgrbzxbiombcnahibdabyimbnflhpbHyi
ohkijbzibqyimibhyibqoh,bogjbFbdanjbyim;bqyabFbqoh,bogjbFbdanjbyimpbFd
qohbfgbvofgbdyodbFbohkijbyimbsambyimbsozfnxbgozipbHyibsofgdnxbhyaakbyim
yiojb.lagbdyiblfnnaq,bogjbkildbyimbhicmid,bohbdyibuaxbyojbjagip

“Fbyojbgaballamd.gfdxbasbohkfgrbyimbogxbw.ihdfag,b.gdfnbFbyojbdanjbdyi
umadyimhbhyibqohbhfgkfgrbsohd,bogjbca.njbgadbnfvibogadyimbjoxpb.gdfn
dyig,bdya.rybgabagibqohbivimblmihigdijbdabyimbcaghcfa.hgihhbhovibdyi
qazogbogjbzxhins,bagibambadyimbasbdyizbyojbonqoxhb iona.hnxbhodbuiyfgj
dyibc.mdofgbodbdyibyiojbasbdyibuijbqyigbFbqohbdyimipbU.dbqyigbfdbcozibda
dyod,bdyixbhiizijbcominihhbqyodbcazz.gfcodfagbFbzfrydbyanjbqfdybyim;boh
fs--dyibdya.rydblohhijbdyma.rybzxbzfgj--Fbqimibjxfgrbdaap

“Fbonqoxhbauhimvijbdyodbdyifmblmfjibufddimnxbmihigdijbdyibxa.grim
umadyim'hb(ohbFbconnbyfz)byovfgrbcmahhijbhqamjhbqfdybobliohogd,bogjbdyod
liohogdbobuaxpbDyibagnxbcaghfjimodfagbdyodbolliomijbdabossicdbdyibzfgj
asbifdyimbasbdyizbqohbdyibcaghfjimodfagbdyodbdyfhbqohbyfrynxbjirmojfgr
dabdyibsozfnx,bogjbqohbmfjfc.na.hpbOhbasdigbohbFbco.rydbdyibxa.grim
umadyim'hbixih,bdyifmbielmihhfagbmizfgjijbzibdyodbyibjfhnfkijbzibjiilnx,
sambkgaqfgrbqyodbFbkgiqbsmazbdyibuaxpbYibqohbhzaadyimbogjbzamiblanfdibda
zibdyogbdyibinjim;bu.dbFbhoqbdyfhpbFbonhabhoqbdyodbFbqohbogbfgc.zumogci
fgbdyibzfgjbasbdyibinjim,bdaap

“Zxblodfigdbjfij,bdqabya.mhbuisamibzfjgfryd--odbobdfzi,buxbzxbqodcy,
oghqimfgrbonzahdbdabdyibzfg.dibqyigbFbyojbsfmhdbhiigbyimpbFbqohbonagi
qfdybyim,bqyigbyimbsamnamgbxa.grbyiojbjmaalijbrigdnxbagbagibhfji,bogj
onnbyimbiomdynxbqmagrhbogjbhammaqhbigjijp

“Dyibumadyimhbqimibqofdfgrbfgbobmaazbjaqg-hdofmh,bfzlodfigdbdabmfji
oqoxpbFbyojbyiomjbdyiz,bonagibodbdyibuijhfji,bhdmfkfgrbdyifmbuaadhbqfdy
dyifmbmfjfgr-qyflh,bogjbnafdimfgrb.lbogjbjaqgp

“'Odbnohdbhyibfhbjioj?'bhofjbdyibinjim,bqyigbFbqigdbfgp

“'Hyibfhbjioj,'bhofjbFp

“'Fbcagrmod.nodibxa.,bzxbumadyim,'bqimibyfhbqamjhbohbyibd.mgijbma.gjp

“Yibyojbuisamibassimijbzibzagix,bqyfcybFbyojblahdlagijbdokfgrpbYibgaq
rovibzibobma.nio.basbranjpbFbdaakbfdbsmazbyfhbyogj,bu.dbnofjbfdbag
dyibdounipbFbyojbcaghfjimijbdyibw.ihdfag,bogjbyojbmihanvijbdaboccild
gadyfgrp

“'Lmoxbiec.hibzi,'bhofjbFpb'.gjimbdyibcfmc.zhdogcih,bgap'

“Dyixbiecyogrijbnaakh,bu.dbuigdbdyifmbyiojhbdabzibohbFbuigdbzfgibda
dyiz,bogjbqiblomdijbqfdya.dbogadyimbqamjbagbifdyimbhfjip

bbbbbbbb*****

“Fbozbqiomx,bqiomx,bqiomx--qamgbjaqgbuxbzfhimxpbFbcoggadbmiojbqyodbF
yovibqmfddigbqfdybdyfhbro.gdbyogjp

“Iomnxbfgbdyibzamgfgr,bdyibma.nio.basbranjbqohbnisdbodbzxbjaambfgbo
nfddnibuae,bqfdybzxbgozibagbdyiba.dhfjipbSmazbdyibsfmhd,bFbyojbogefa.hnx
caghfjimijbqyodbFba.rydbdabjapbFbjicfjij,bdyodbjox,bdabqmfdiblmfvodinx
dabdyibZfgfhdim,bhdodfgrbdyibgod.mibasbdyibdqabcohihbdabqyfcybFbyojbuiig
h.zzagij,bogjbdyiblnocibdabqyfcybFbyojbragi:bfgbissicd,bhdodfgrbonnbdyi
cfmc.zhdogcihpbFbkgiqbqyodbCa.mdbfgsn.igcibqoh,bogjbqyodbdyibfzz.gfdfih
asbdyibGaunihbqimi,bogjbFbielicdijbdyodbdyibzoddimbqa.njbgivimbui
yiomjbas;bu.d,bFbqfhyijbdabminfivibzxbaqgbzfgjpbFbyojbkildbdyibzoddimbo
lmasa.gjbhicmid,bivigbsmazbzxbqfsi;bogjbdyfh,bdaa,bFbmihanvijbdabhdodi
fgbzxbniddimpbFbyojbgabollmiyighfagbqyodivimbasbzxbmionbjogrim;bu.d
Fbqohbcaghcfa.hbdyodbdyimibzfrydbuibjogrimbsambadyimh,bfsbadyimhbqimi
cazlmazfhijbuxblahhihhfgrbdyibkgaqnijribdyodbFblahhihhijp

“Fbqohbz.cybigrorijbdyodbjox,bogjbca.njbgadbcazlnidibzxbniddimbdyod
gfrydpbFbmahibnagrbuisamibzxb.h.onbdfzibgiedbzamgfgrbdabsfgfhybfdp
FdbqohbdyibnohdbjoxbasbdyibxiompbDyibniddimbqohbnxfgrbuisamibzib .hd
cazlnidij,bqyigbFbqohbdanjbdyodbobnojxbqofdij,bqyabqfhyijbdabhiibzip

bbbbbbbb*****

“Fbozbrmaqfgrbzamibogjbzamib.giw.onbdabdyibdohkbFbyovibhidbzxhinspbFdbfh
habcanj,bhabjomk,bzxbhighihbomibhabuig.zuij,bogjbdyibrnaazb.lagbzibfhbha
jmiojs.np

“Dyibnojxbqohbxa.gr,bigrorfgr,bogjbyogjhazi,bu.dbgadbzomkijbsambnagr
nfsipbHyibqohbfgbrmiodborfdodfagpbHyiblmihigdijbyimhinsbdabzibohbdyi
qfsibasbdyibZomw.fhbHdpbIvmizagjipbFbcaggicdijbdyibdfdnibuxbqyfcybdyi
uaxbyojbojjmihhijbdyibinjimbumadyim,bqfdybdyibfgfdfonbniddimbizumafjimij
agbdyibhcoms,bogjbyojbgabjfssfc.ndxbfgbommfvfgrbodbdyibcagcn.hfagbdyodbF
yojbhiigbdyodbgaunizogbvimxbnodinxp

“Zxbzizamxbfhbhdfnnbocc.modi,bu.dbFbcoggadbqmfdibdyibqamjhbasba.m
cagvimhodfagpbFbh.hlicdbdyodbFbozbqodcyijbzamibcnahinxbdyogbFbqoh,bogjbF
kgaqbgadbodbqyodbdfzihbFbzoxbuibqodcyijpbHyibyojbfgblomdbh.hlicdij,bogj
fgblomdbjfhcavimij,bdyibzofgbsocdhbasbdyibcm.inbhdamx,basbyimby.huogj'h
hyomibfgbfd,bogjbzxbuifgrbmihamdijbdapbHyibjfjbgadbkgaqbdyodbdyibrfmn
qohbjiojpbYimbyalibyojbuiig,bhyibhofjbfgbrmiodbjfhdmihh,bdabhyaqbyim,
fgbhicmid,bobqazog'hbhxzlodyxpbYimbyalibyojbuiigbdabovimdbdyibqmodybas
YiovigbsmazbobYa.hibdyodbyojbnagrbuiigbyodis.nbdabdyibh.ssimfgrbzogxp

“Hyibyojbmiohaghbsambuinfivfgrbdyodbdyimibqohbobxa.grbhfhdimbnfvfgr,bogj
yimbrmiodihdbjihfmibqoh,bdabyinlbdyodbhfhdimpbFbca.njbdinnbyimbgadyfgr
u.dbdyodbdyimibqohbh.cybobhfhdim;buixagjbdyod,bFbkgiqbgadyfgrpbYim
fgj.cizigdbdabcazibdabzi,bminxfgrbagbzxbcagsfjigci,byojbuiigbdyibyali
dyodbFbca.njbdinnbyimbdyibgozibogjblnocibasbouajipbQyimioh,bdabdyfh
qmidcyijbya.mbFbozbfrgamogdbasbuadyp

bbbbbbbb*****

“DyihibhcmolhbasblolimbsofnbzipbAgibqohbdokigbsmazbzi,bqfdybobqomgfgr,
xihdimjoxpbFbz.hdbsfgfhybzxbmicamjbda-joxp

“Hyibqohbobraaj,bcazlohhfagodibnojx,bogjbgadbyollxbfgbyimbzommforipbYaq
ca.njbhyibui!bDyibumadyimbjfhdm.hdijbogjbjfhnfkijbyim,bogjbyfhbfgsn.igci
qohbonnballahijbdabyim;bhyibhdaajbfgbjmiojbasbyfz,bogjbfgbjmiojbasbyim
y.huogjbdaapbQyigbFbyogjijbyimbjaqgbdabdyibjaam,bdyimibqohbobcyfnj,bo
lmiddxbuaxbsmazbdqabdabdymiibxiomhbanj,bfgbyimbcommforip

“'Sambyfhbhoki,bJacdam,'bhyibhofj,blafgdfgrbdabyfzbfgbdiomh,b'Fbqa.njbja
onnbFbcogbdabzokibqyodblaambozigjhbFbcogpbYibqfnnbgivimblmahlimbfgbyfh
fgyimfdogcibadyimqfhipbFbyoviboblmihigdfzigdbdyodbfsbgabadyimbfggacigd
odagizigdbfhbzojibsambdyfh,bfdbqfnnbagibjoxbuibmiw.fmijbasbyfzpbQyod
Fbyovibnisdbdabconnbzxbaqg--fdbfhbnfddnibuixagjbdyibqamdybasbobsiq
 iqinh--Fbqfnnbzokibfdbdyibsfmhdbcyomribasbyfhbnfsibdabuihdaq,bqfdybdyi
cazlohhfagbogjbnozigdfgrbasbyfhbjiojbzadyim,bagbdyfhbfg .mijbsozfnx,bfs
dyibhfhdimbcogbuibjfhcavimijp'

“Hyibkfhhijbdyibuax,bogjbhofj,bcomihhfgrbyfz,b'Fdbfhbsambdyfgibaqgbjiom
hokipbDya.bqfndbuibsofdys.n,bnfddnibCyomnih?'bDyibcyfnjboghqimijbyim
umovinx,b'Xih!'bFbkfhhijbyimbyogj,bogjbhyibdaakbyfzbfgbyimbomzh,bogj
qigdboqoxbcomihhfgrbyfzpbFbgivimbhoqbyimbzamip

“Ohbhyibyojbzigdfagijbyimby.huogj'hbgozibfgbdyibsofdybdyodbFbkgiqbfd,
FbojjijbgabzigdfagbasbfdbdabzxbniddimpbFbhionijbzxbniddim,bogj,bgad
dm.hdfgrbfdba.dbasbzxbaqgbyogjh,bjinfvimijbfdbzxhinsbdyodbjoxp

“Dyodbgfryd,bdyibnohdbgfrydbasbdyibxiom,bdaqomjhbgfgiba'cnack,bobzogbfg
obunockbjmihhbmogrbodbzxbrodi,bjizogjijbdabhiibzi,bogjbhasdnxbsannaqij
zxbhimvogd,bImgihdbJisomri,bobxa.dy,b.l-hdofmhpbQyigbzxbhimvogdbcozi
fgdabdyibmaazbqyimibFbhodbqfdybzxbqfsi--Abzxbqfsi,buinavijbasbzxbyiomd!
Zxbsofmbxa.grbIgrnfhybqfsi!--qibhoqbdyibzog,bqyabqohbh.llahijbdabuibod
dyibrodi,bhdogjfgrbhfnigdbuiyfgjbyfzp

“Ogb.mrigdbcohibfgbdyibM.ibHdpbYagami,byibhofjpbFdbqa.njbgadbjidofgbzi,
yibyojbobcaocybfgbqofdfgrp

“Fdbuma.rydbzibyimi,bfdbuma.rydbzibdabzxbrmovipbQyigbFbqohbcniombasbdyi
ya.hi,bobunockbz.ssnimbqohbjmoqgbdfrydnxbavimbzxbza.dybsmazbuiyfgj,bogj
zxbomzhbqimiblfgfagijpbDyibdqabumadyimhbcmahhijbdyibmaojbsmazbobjomk
camgim,bogjbfjigdfsfijbzibqfdybobhfgrnibrihd.mipbDyibZomw.fhbdaakbsmaz
yfhblackidbdyibniddimbFbyojbqmfddig,bhyaqijbfdbzi,bu.mgdbfdbfgbdyibnfryd
asbobnogdimgbdyodbqohbyinj,bogjbiedfgr.fhyijbdyibohyihbqfdybyfhbsaadp
GadbobqamjbqohbhlakigpbFbqohbuma.rydbyimi,bFbqohbuma.rydbdabzxbnfvfgr
rmovip

“Fsbfdbyojblniohijb_Raj_bdabl.dbfdbfgbdyibyomjbyiomdbasbifdyimbasbdyi
umadyimh,bfgbonnbdyihibsmfryds.nbxiomh,bdabrmogdbzibogxbdfjfgrhbas
zxbjiomihdbqfsi--habz.cybohbdabnidbzibkgaqbuxbobqamjbqyidyimbonfvibam
jioj--Fbzfrydbyovibdya.rydbdyodbYibyojbgadbw.fdibouogjagijbdyizpbU.d,
gaqbFbuinfivibdyodbdyibzomkbasbdyibmijbcmahhbfhbsodonbdabdyiz,bogjbdyod
dyixbyovibgablomdbfgbYfhbzimcfihpbOgjbdyizbogjbdyifmbjihcigjogdh,bdabdyi
nohdbasbdyifmbmoci,bF,bOnieogjmibZogiddi,b.gyollxblmfhagim,bjabdyfhbnohd
gfrydbasbdyibxiomb1767,bfgbzxb.guiomouniboragx,bjiga.gcibdabdyibdfzih
qyigbonnbdyihibdyfgrhbhyonnbuiboghqimijbsampbFbjiga.gcibdyizbdabYiovig
ogjbdabiomdyp”

Obdimmfunibha.gjbomahibqyigbdyibmiojfgrbasbdyfhbjac.zigdbqohbjagipbO
ha.gjbasbcmovfgrbogjbiorimgihhbdyodbyojbgadyfgrbomdfc.nodibfgbfdbu.d
unaajpbDyibgommodfvibconnijb.lbdyibzahdbmivigris.nblohhfaghbasbdyibdfzi,
ogjbdyimibqohbgadbobyiojbfgbdyibgodfagbu.dbz.hdbyovibjmallijbuisamibfdp

Nfddnibgiij,bfgblmihigcibasbdyodbdmfu.gonbogjbdyodbo.jfdamx,bdabhyaq
yaqbdyibJisomrihbyojbgadbzojibdyiblolimbl.unfc,bqfdybdyibadyimbcold.mij
Uohdfnnibzizamfonhbuamgibfgblmacihhfag,bogjbyojbkildbfd,bufjfgrbdyifm
dfzipbNfddnibgiijbdabhyaqbdyodbdyfhbjidihdijbsozfnxbgozibyojbnagrbuiig
ogodyizodfhijbuxbHofgdbOgdafgi,bogjbqohbqma.rydbfgdabdyibsodonbmirfhdimp
Dyibzogbgivimbdmajbrma.gjbqyahibvfmd.ihbogjbhimvfcihbqa.njbyovi
h.hdofgijbyfzbfgbdyodblnocibdyodbjox,borofghdbh.cybjig.gcfodfagp

Ogjbonnbdyibqamhibsambdyibjaazijbzog,bdyodbdyibjiga.gcimbqohbo
qinn-kgaqgbcfdftig,byfhbaqgboddocyijbsmfigj,bdyibsodyimbasbyfhbqfsipbAgi
asbdyibsmigtfijbohlfmodfaghbasbdyiblal.nocibqoh,bsambfzfdodfaghbas
dyibw.ihdfagounibl.unfcbvfmd.ihbasbogdfw.fdx,bogjbsambhocmfsfcihbogj
hins-fzzanodfaghbagbdyiblialni'hbondompbDyimisamibqyigbdyibLmihfjigd
hofjb(inhibyojbyfhbaqgbyiojbw.fvimijbagbyfhbhya.njimh),bdyodbdyibraaj
lyxhfcfogbasbdyibMil.unfcbqa.njbjihimvibuiddimbhdfnnbasbdyibMil.unfcbux
maadfgrba.dbogbaugaefa.hbsozfnxbasbOmfhdacmodh,bogjbqa.njbja.udnihhbsiin
obhocmijbrnaqbogjb axbfgbzokfgrbyfhbjo.rydimbobqfjaqbogjbyimbcyfnjbog
amlyog,bdyimibqohbqfnjbiecfdizigd,blodmfadfcbsimva.m,bgadbobda.cybas
y.zogbhxzlodyxp

“Z.cybfgsn.igciboma.gjbyfz,byohbdyodbJacdam?”bz.mz.mijbZojozibJisomri,
hzfnfgrbdabDyibVigriogcipb“Hovibyfzbgaq,bzxbJacdam,bhovibyfz!”

Odbivimxb .mxzog'hbvadi,bdyimibqohbobmaompbOgadyimbogjbogadyimpbMaombogj
maomp

.gogfza.hnxbvadijpbOdbyiomdbogjbuxbjihcigdbogbOmfhdacmod,bogbigizx
asbdyibMil.unfc,bobgadamfa.hballmihhambasbdyibLialnipbUockbdabdyi
Cagcfimrimfi,bogjbJiodybqfdyfgbsa.m-ogj-dqigdxbya.mh!




EFpbJ.hk


Dyibqmidcyijbqfsibasbdyibfggacigdbzogbdy.hbjaazijbdabjfi,bsinnb.gjim
dyibhigdigci,bohbfsbhyibyojbuiigbzamdonnxbhdmfckigpbU.d,bhyib.ddimijbga
ha.gj;bogjbhabhdmagrbqohbdyibvafcibqfdyfgbyim,bmilmihigdfgrbdyodbfdbqoh
hyibasbonnbdyibqamnjbqyabz.hdb.lyanjbyfzbfgbyfhbzfhimxbogjbgadbo.rzigd
fd,bdyodbfdbw.fcknxbmofhijbyim,bivigbsmazbdyodbhyackp

Dyib .jrihbyovfgrbdabdokiblomdbfgbobl.unfcbjizaghdmodfagba.dbasbjaamh,
dyibDmfu.gonboj a.mgijpbDyibw.fckbgafhibogjbzavizigdbasbdyibca.md'h
izldxfgrbfdhinsbuxbzogxblohhorihbyojbgadbciohij,bqyigbN.cfibhdaaj
hdmidcyfgrba.dbyimbomzhbdaqomjhbyimby.huogj,bqfdybgadyfgrbfgbyimbsoci
u.dbnavibogjbcaghanodfagp

“FsbFbzfrydbda.cybyfz!bFsbFbzfrydbizumocibyfzbagci!bA,braajbcfdftigh,bfs
xa.bqa.njbyovibhabz.cybcazlohhfagbsamb.h!”

Dyimibqohbu.dbobroanimbnisd,bonagrbqfdybdqabasbdyibsa.mbzigbqyabyoj
dokigbyfzbnohdbgfryd,bogjbUomhojpbDyiblialnibyojbonnbla.mijba.dbdabdyi
hyaqbfgbdyibhdmiidhpbUomhojblmalahijbdabdyibmihd,b“Nidbyimbizumoci
yfzbdyig;bfdbfhbu.dbobzazigdp”bFdbqohbhfnigdnxbocw.fihcijbfg,bogjbdyix
lohhijbyimbavimbdyibhiodhbfgbdyibyonnbdabobmofhijblnoci,bqyimibyi,bux
niogfgrbavimbdyibjack,bca.njbsanjbyimbfgbyfhbomzhp

“Somiqinn,bjiombjomnfgrbasbzxbha.npbZxblomdfgrbunihhfgrbagbzxbnavipbQi
hyonnbziidborofg,bqyimibdyibqiomxbomibodbmihd!”

Dyixbqimibyimby.huogj'hbqamjh,bohbyibyinjbyimbdabyfhbuahazp

“Fbcogbuiombfd,bjiombCyomnihpbFbozbh.llamdijbsmazbouavi:bjag'dbh.ssim
sambzipbOblomdfgrbunihhfgrbsamba.mbcyfnjp”

“Fbhigjbfdbdabyimbuxbxa.pbFbkfhhbyimbuxbxa.pbFbhoxbsomiqinnbdabyimbux
xa.p”

“Zxby.huogjpbGa!bObzazigd!”bYibqohbdiomfgrbyfzhinsbolomdbsmazbyimp
“QibhyonnbgadbuibhilomodijbnagrpbFbsiinbdyodbdyfhbqfnnbumiokbzxbyiomd
ux-ogj-uxi;bu.dbFbqfnnbjabzxbj.dxbqyfnibFbcog,bogjbqyigbFbniovibyim,bRaj
qfnnbmofhib.lbsmfigjhbsambyim,bohbYibjfjbsambzip”

Yimbsodyimbyojbsannaqijbyim,bogjbqa.njbyovibsonnigbagbyfhbkgiihbdabuady
asbdyiz,bu.dbdyodbJomgoxbl.dba.dbobyogjbogjbhiftijbyfz,bcmxfgr:

“Ga,bga!bQyodbyovibxa.bjagi,bqyodbyovibxa.bjagi,bdyodbxa.bhya.njbkgiin
dab.h!bQibkgaqbgaq,bqyodbobhdm.rrnibxa.bzojibasbanjpbQibkgaq,bgaqbqyod
xa.b.gjimqigdbqyigbxa.bh.hlicdijbzxbjihcigd,bogjbqyigbxa.bkgiqbfdpbQi
kgaqbgaq,bdyibgod.monbogdflodyxbxa.bhdmaviborofghd,bogjbcagw.imij,bsam
yimbjiombhokipbQibdyogkbxa.bqfdybonnba.mbyiomdh,bogjbonnba.mbnavibogj
j.dxpbYiovigbuibqfdybxa.!”

Yimbsodyim'hbagnxboghqimbqohbdabjmoqbyfhbyogjhbdyma.rybyfhbqyfdibyofm,
ogjbqmfgrbdyizbqfdybobhymfikbasbogr.fhyp

“Fdbca.njbgadbuibadyimqfhi,”bhofjbdyiblmfhagimpb“Onnbdyfgrhbyovibqamkij
daridyimbohbdyixbyovibsonnigba.dpbFdbqohbdyibonqoxh-vofgbigjiova.mbda
jfhcyomribzxblaambzadyim'hbdm.hdbdyodbsfmhdbuma.rydbzxbsodonblmihigci
giombxa.pbRaajbca.njbgivimbcazibasbh.cybivfn,bobyollfimbigjbqohbgadbfg
god.mibdabhab.gyollxbobuirfggfgrpbUibcazsamdij,bogjbsamrfvibzipbYiovig
unihhbxa.!”

Ohbyibqohbjmoqgboqox,byfhbqfsibminiohijbyfz,bogjbhdaajbnaakfgrbosdimbyfz
qfdybyimbyogjhbda.cyfgrbagibogadyimbfgbdyiboddfd.jibasblmoxim,bogj
qfdybobmojfogdbnaakb.lagbyimbsoci,bfgbqyfcybdyimibqohbivigbobcazsamdfgr
hzfnipbOhbyibqigdba.dbodbdyiblmfhagimh'bjaam,bhyibd.mgij,bnofjbyimbyioj
navfgrnxbagbyimbsodyim'hbumiohd,bdmfijbdabhliokbdabyfz,bogjbsinnbodbyfh
siidp

Dyig,bfhh.fgrbsmazbdyibauhc.mibcamgimbsmazbqyfcybyibyojbgivimbzavij,
HxjgixbComdagbcozibogjbdaakbyimb.lpbAgnxbyimbsodyimbogjbZmpbNammxbqimi
qfdybyimpbYfhbomzbdmizunijbohbfdbmofhijbyim,bogjbh.llamdijbyimbyiojp
Xid,bdyimibqohbogbofmboua.dbyfzbdyodbqohbgadbonnbasblfdx--dyodbyojbo
sn.hybasblmfjibfgbfdp

“HyonnbFbdokibyimbdabobcaocy?bFbhyonnbgivimbsiinbyimbqifrydp”

Yibcommfijbyimbnfrydnxbdabdyibjaam,bogjbnofjbyimbdigjimnxbjaqgbfgbo
caocypbYimbsodyimbogjbdyifmbanjbsmfigjbradbfgdabfd,bogjbyibdaakbyfhbhiod
uihfjibdyibjmfvimp

Qyigbdyixbommfvijbodbdyibrodiqoxbqyimibyibyojblo.hijbfgbdyibjomkbgad
zogxbya.mhbuisami,bdablfcd.mibdabyfzhinsbagbqyfcybasbdyibma.rybhdagihbas
dyibhdmiidbyimbsiidbyojbdmajjig,byibnfsdijbyimborofg,bogjbcommfijbyimb.l
dyibhdofmcohibdabdyifmbmaazhpbDyimi,byibnofjbyimbjaqgbagbobca.cy,bqyimi
yimbcyfnjbogjbZfhhbLmahhbqildbavimbyimp

“Jag'dbmiconnbyimbdabyimhins,”byibhofj,bhasdnx,bdabdyibnoddim,b“hyibfh
uiddimbhapbJag'dbmivfvibyimbdabcaghcfa.hgihh,bqyfnibhyibagnxbsofgdhp”

“Ay,bComdag,bComdag,bjiombComdag!”bcmfijbnfddnibN.cfi,bhlmfgrfgrb.lbogj
dymaqfgrbyimbomzhblohhfagodinxbma.gjbyfz,bfgbobu.mhdbasbrmfispb“Gaqbdyod
xa.byovibcazi,bFbdyfgkbxa.bqfnnbjabhazidyfgrbdabyinlbzozzo,bhazidyfgrbda
hoviblolo!bA,bnaakbodbyim,bjiombComdag!bCogbxa.,basbonnbdyiblialnibqya
navibyim,buiombdabhiibyimbha?”

Yibuigdbavimbdyibcyfnj,bogjbnofjbyimbunaazfgrbcyiikborofghdbyfhbsocipbYi
l.dbyimbrigdnxbsmazbyfz,bogjbnaakijbodbyimb.gcaghcfa.hbzadyimp

“UisamibFbra,”byibhofj,bogjblo.hij--“Fbzoxbkfhhbyim?”

Fdbqohbmizizuimijbosdimqomjhbdyodbqyigbyibuigdbjaqgbogjbda.cyijbyimbsoci
qfdybyfhbnflh,byibz.mz.mijbhazibqamjhpbDyibcyfnj,bqyabqohbgiomihdbda
yfz,bdanjbdyizbosdimqomjh,bogjbdanjbyimbrmogjcyfnjmigbqyigbhyibqohbo
yogjhazibanjbnojx,bdyodbhyibyiomjbyfzbhox,b“Obnfsibxa.bnavip”

Qyigbyibyojbragiba.dbfgdabdyibgiedbmaaz,byibd.mgijbh.jjignxbagbZmpbNammx
ogjbyimbsodyim,bqyabqimibsannaqfgr,bogjbhofjbdabdyibnoddim:

“Xa.byojbrmiodbfgsn.igcibu.dbxihdimjox,bJacdambZogiddi;bnidbfdbodbniohd
uibdmfijpbDyihib .jrih,bogjbonnbdyibzigbfgblaqim,bomibvimxbsmfigjnxbda
xa.,bogjbvimxbmicargfhogdbasbxa.mbhimvfcih;bomibdyixbgad?”

“GadyfgrbcaggicdijbqfdybCyomnihbqohbcagcionijbsmazbzipbFbyojbdyi
hdmagrihdbohh.mogcihbdyodbFbhya.njbhovibyfz;bogjbFbjfjp”bYibmid.mgijbdyi
oghqimbfgbrmiodbdma.uni,bogjbvimxbhnaqnxp

“DmxbdyizborofgpbDyibya.mhbuidqiigbdyfhbogjbda-zammaqbosdimgaagbomibsiq
ogjbhyamd,bu.dbdmxp”

“FbfgdigjbdabdmxpbFbqfnnbgadbmihdbobzazigdp”

“Dyod'hbqinnpbFbyovibkgaqgbh.cybigimrxbohbxa.mhbjabrmiodbdyfgrhbuisami
gaq--dya.rybgivim,”byibojjij,bqfdybobhzfnibogjbobhfrybdaridyim,b“h.cy
rmiodbdyfgrhbohbdyfhpbU.dbdmx!bAsbnfddnibqamdybohbnfsibfhbqyigbqibzfh.hi
fd,bfdbfhbqamdybdyodbissamdpbFdbqa.njbcahdbgadyfgrbdabnoxbjaqgbfsbfd
qimibgadp”

“Fbqfnnbra,”bhofjbJacdambZogiddi,b“dabdyibLmahic.dambogjbdyibLmihfjigd
hdmofryd,bogjbFbqfnnbrabdabadyimhbqyazbfdbfhbuiddimbgadbdabgozipbFbqfnn
qmfdibdaa,bogj--U.dbhdox!bDyimibfhbobCiniumodfagbfgbdyibhdmiidh,bogjbga
agibqfnnbuiboccihhfunib.gdfnbjomkp”

“Dyod'hbdm.ipbQinn!bFdbfhbobsamnamgbyalibodbdyibuihd,bogjbgadbz.cybdyi
samnamgimbsambuifgrbjinoxijbdfnnbjomkpbFbhya.njbnfkibdabkgaqbyaqbxa.
hliij;bdya.ry,bzfgj!bFbielicdbgadyfgr!bQyigbomibxa.bnfkinxbdabyovibhiig
dyihibjmiojblaqimh,bJacdambZogiddi?”

“Fzzijfodinxbosdimbjomk,bFbhya.njbyalipbQfdyfgbogbya.mbambdqabsmaz
dyfhp”

“Fdbqfnnbuibjomkbhaagbosdimbsa.mpbNidb.hbhdmidcybdyibya.mbambdqapbFsbF
rabdabZmpbNammx'hbodbgfgi,bhyonnbFbyiombqyodbxa.byovibjagi,bifdyimbsmaz
a.mbsmfigjbambsmazbxa.mhins?”

“Xihp”

“Zoxbxa.blmahlim!”

ZmpbNammxbsannaqijbHxjgixbdabdyiba.dimbjaam,bogj,bda.cyfgrbyfzbagbdyi
hya.njimbohbyibqohbrafgrboqox,bco.hijbyfzbdabd.mgp

“Fbyovibgabyali,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,bfgbobnaqbogjbhammaqs.nbqyfhlimp

“GambyovibFp”

“Fsbogxbagibasbdyihibzig,bambonnbasbdyihibzig,bqimibjfhlahijbdabhlomi
yfz--qyfcybfhbobnomribh.llahfdfag;bsambqyodbfhbyfhbnfsi,bambogxbzog'h
dabdyiz!--Fbja.udbfsbdyixbj.mhdbhlomibyfzbosdimbdyibjizaghdmodfagbfgbdyi
ca.mdp”

“OgjbhabjabFpbFbyiomjbdyibsonnbasbdyiboeibfgbdyodbha.gjp”

ZmpbNammxbniogijbyfhbomzb.lagbdyibjaam-lahd,bogjbuaqijbyfhbsocib.lagbfdp

“Jag'dbjihlagj,”bhofjbComdag,bvimxbrigdnx;b“jag'dbrmfivipbFbigca.morij
JacdambZogiddibfgbdyfhbfjio,buico.hibFbsindbdyodbfdbzfrydbagibjoxbui
caghanodamxbdabyimpbAdyimqfhi,bhyibzfrydbdyfgkb'yfhbnfsibqohbqogdagnx
dymaqgboqoxbambqohdij,'bogjbdyodbzfrydbdma.unibyimp”

“Xih,bxih,bxih,”bmid.mgijbZmpbNammx,bjmxfgrbyfhbixih,b“xa.bomibmfrydp
U.dbyibqfnnblimfhy;bdyimibfhbgabmionbyalip”

“XihpbYibqfnnblimfhy:bdyimibfhbgabmionbyali,”bicyaijbComdagp

Ogjbqonkijbqfdybobhiddnijbhdil,bjaqg-hdofmhp




EFFpbJomkgihh


HxjgixbComdagblo.hijbfgbdyibhdmiid,bgadbw.fdibjicfjijbqyimibdabrapb“Od
Dinnhag'hbuogkfgr-ya.hibodbgfgi,”byibhofj,bqfdybobz.hfgrbsocipb“HyonnbF
jabqinn,bfgbdyibziogbdfzi,bdabhyaqbzxhins?bFbdyfgkbhapbFdbfhbuihdbdyod
dyihiblialnibhya.njbkgaqbdyimibfhbh.cybobzogbohbFbyimi;bfdbfhbobha.gj
lmico.dfag,bogjbzoxbuibobgicihhomxblmilomodfagpbU.dbcomi,bcomi,bcomi!
Nidbzibdyfgkbfdba.d!”

Cyickfgrbyfhbhdilhbqyfcybyojbuir.gbdabdigjbdaqomjhbogbau icd,byibdaakbo
d.mgbambdqabfgbdyibonmiojxbjomkigfgrbhdmiid,bogjbdmocijbdyibdya.ryd
fgbyfhbzfgjbdabfdhblahhfunibcaghiw.igcihpbYfhbsfmhdbfzlmihhfagbqoh
cagsfmzijpb“Fdbfhbuihd,”byibhofj,bsfgonnxbmihanvij,b“dyodbdyihiblialni
hya.njbkgaqbdyimibfhbh.cybobzogbohbFbyimip”bOgjbyibd.mgijbyfhbsoci
daqomjhbHofgdbOgdafgip

Jisomribyojbjihcmfuijbyfzhins,bdyodbjox,bohbdyibkiilimbasbobqfgi-hyalbfg
dyibHofgdbOgdafgibh.u.mupbFdbqohbgadbjfssfc.ndbsambagibqyabkgiqbdyibcfdx
qinn,bdabsfgjbyfhbya.hibqfdya.dbohkfgrbogxbw.ihdfagpbYovfgrbohcimdofgij
fdhbhfd.odfag,bComdagbcoziba.dbasbdyahibcnahimbhdmiidhborofg,bogjbjfgij
odboblnocibasbmismihyzigdbogjbsinnbha.gjbohniilbosdimbjfggimpbSambdyi
sfmhdbdfzibfgbzogxbxiomh,byibyojbgabhdmagrbjmfgkpbHfgcibnohdbgfrydbyi
yojbdokigbgadyfgrbu.dbobnfddnibnfrydbdyfgbqfgi,bogjbnohdbgfrydbyibyoj
jmallijbdyibumogjxbhnaqnxbjaqgbagbZmpbNammx'hbyiomdybnfkibobzogbqyabyoj
jagibqfdybfdp

Fdbqohbohbnodibohbhivigba'cnackbqyigbyiboqakibmismihyij,bogjbqigdba.d
fgdabdyibhdmiidhborofgpbOhbyiblohhijbonagrbdaqomjhbHofgdbOgdafgi,byi
hdallijbodbobhyal-qfgjaqbqyimibdyimibqohbobzfmmam,bogjbhnfrydnxbondimij
dyibjfhamjimijbommogrizigdbasbyfhbnaahibcmovod,bogjbyfhbcaod-cannom,bogj
yfhbqfnjbyofmpbDyfhbjagi,byibqigdbagbjfmicdbdabJisomri'h,bogjbqigdbfgp

Dyimibyolligijbdabuibgabc.hdazimbfgbdyibhyalbu.db ocw.ihbDymii,basbdyi
mihdnihhbsfgrimhbogjbdyibcmaokfgrbvafcipbDyfhbzog,bqyazbyibyojbhiigb.lag
dyib .mx,bhdaajbjmfgkfgrbodbdyibnfddnibca.gdim,bfgbcagvimhodfagbqfdybdyi
Jisomrih,bzogbogjbqfsipbDyibVigriogcibohhfhdijbfgbdyibcagvimhodfag,bnfki
obmir.nombzizuimbasbdyibihdounfhyzigdp

OhbComdagbqonkijbfg,bdaakbyfhbhiodbogjbohkijb(fgbvimxbfgjfssimigd
Smigcy)bsambobhzonnbzioh.mibasbqfgi,bZojozibJisomribcohdbobcominihh
rnogcibodbyfz,bogjbdyigbobkiigim,bogjbdyigbobkiigim,bogjbdyigbojvogcij
dabyfzbyimhins,bogjbohkijbyfzbqyodbfdbqohbyibyojbamjimijp

Yibmiliodijbqyodbyibyojbonmiojxbhofjp

“Igrnfhy?”bohkijbZojozibJisomri,bfgw.fhfdfvinxbmofhfgrbyimbjomk
ixiumaqhp

Osdimbnaakfgrbodbyim,bohbfsbdyibha.gjbasbivigbobhfgrnibSmigcybqamjbqimi
hnaqbdabielmihhbfdhinsbdabyfz,byiboghqimij,bfgbyfhbsamzimbhdmagrbsamifrg
occigdpb“Xih,bzojozi,bxihpbFbozbIgrnfhy!”

ZojozibJisomribmid.mgijbdabyimbca.gdimbdabridbdyibqfgi,bogj,bohbyi
daakb.lbob ocaufgb a.mgonbogjbsifrgijbdablamibavimbfdbl.ttnfgrba.dbfdh
ziogfgr,byibyiomjbyimbhox,b“Fbhqiombdabxa.,bnfkibIvmizagji!”

Jisomribuma.rydbyfzbdyibqfgi,bogjbrovibyfzbRaajbIvigfgrp

“Yaq?”

“Raajbivigfgrp”

“Ay!bRaajbivigfgr,bcfdftig,”bsfnnfgrbyfhbrnohhpb“Oy!bogjbraajbqfgipbF
jmfgkbdabdyibMil.unfcp”

Jisomribqigdbuockbdabdyibca.gdim,bogjbhofj,b“Cimdofgnx,bobnfddnibnfkip”
bZojozibhdimgnxbmidamdij,b“Fbdinnbxa.bobraajbjionbnfkip”b ocw.ihbDymii
locfsfconnxbmizomkij,b“Yibfhbhabz.cybfgbxa.mbzfgj,bhiibxa.,bzojozip”
bDyibozfounibVigriogcibojjij,bqfdybobno.ry,b“Xih,bzxbsofdy!bOgjbxa.
omibnaakfgrbsamqomjbqfdybhabz.cyblnioh.mibdabhiifgrbyfzbagcibzami
da-zammaq!”

Comdagbsannaqijbdyibnfgihbogjbqamjhbasbyfhblolim,bqfdybobhnaq
samisfgrim,bogjbqfdybobhd.jfa.hbogjbouhamuijbsocipbDyixbqimibonnbniogfgr
dyifmbomzhbagbdyibca.gdimbcnahibdaridyim,bhliokfgrbnaqpbOsdimbobhfnigci
asbobsiqbzazigdh,bj.mfgrbqyfcybdyixbonnbnaakijbdaqomjhbyfzbqfdya.d
jfhd.mufgrbyfhba.dqomjboddigdfagbsmazbdyib ocaufgbijfdam,bdyixbmih.zij
dyifmbcagvimhodfagp

“Fdbfhbdm.ibqyodbzojozibhoxh,”bauhimvijb ocw.ihbDymiipb“Qyxbhdal?bDyimi
fhbrmiodbsamcibfgbdyodpbQyxbhdal?”

“Qinn,bqinn,”bmiohagijbJisomri,b“u.dbagibz.hdbhdalbhaziqyimipbOsdimbonn,
dyibw.ihdfagbfhbhdfnnbqyimi?”

“Odbiedimzfgodfag,”bhofjbzojozip

“Zorgfsfcigd!”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymiipbDyibVigriogci,bonha,byfrynx
ollmavijp

“Iedimzfgodfagbfhbraajbjacdmfgi,bzxbqfsi,”bhofjbJisomri,bmodyim
dma.unij;b“fgbrigimon,bFbhoxbgadyfgrborofghdbfdpbU.dbdyfhbJacdambyoh
h.ssimijbz.cy;bxa.byovibhiigbyfzbda-jox;bxa.byovibauhimvijbyfhbsocibqyig
dyiblolimbqohbmiojp”

“Fbyovibauhimvijbyfhbsoci!”bmiliodijbzojozi,bcagdizld.a.hnxbogjbogrmfnxp
“XihpbFbyovibauhimvijbyfhbsocipbFbyovibauhimvijbyfhbsocibdabuibgadbdyi
socibasbobdm.ibsmfigjbasbdyibMil.unfcpbNidbyfzbdokibcomibasbyfhbsoci!”

“Ogjbxa.byovibauhimvij,bzxbqfsi,”bhofjbJisomri,bfgbobjilmicodamxbzoggim,
“dyibogr.fhybasbyfhbjo.rydim,bqyfcybz.hdbuibobjmiojs.nbogr.fhybdabyfz!”

“Fbyovibauhimvijbyfhbjo.rydim,”bmiliodijbzojozi;b“xih,bFbyovibauhimvij
yfhbjo.rydim,bzamibdfzihbdyogbagipbFbyovibauhimvijbyimbda-jox,bogjbF
yovibauhimvijbyimbadyimbjoxhpbFbyovibauhimvijbyimbfgbdyibca.md,bogj
FbyovibauhimvijbyimbfgbdyibhdmiidbuxbdyiblmfhagpbNidbzibu.dbnfsdbzx
sfgrim--!”bHyibhiizijbdabmofhibfdb(dyibnfhdigim'hbixihbqimibonqoxhbag
yfhblolim),bogjbdabnidbfdbsonnbqfdybobmoddnibagbdyibnijribuisamibyim,boh
fsbdyiboeibyojbjmallijp

“Dyibcfdftigihhbfhbh.limu!”bcmaokijbdyib .mxzogp

“HyibfhbogbOgrin!”bhofjbDyibVigriogci,bogjbizumocijbyimp

“Ohbdabdyii,”bl.mh.ijbzojozi,bfzlnocounx,bojjmihhfgrbyimby.huogj,b“fsbfd
jiligjijbagbdyii--qyfcy,byollfnx,bfdbjaihbgad--dya.bqa.njhdbmihc.ibdyfh
zogbivigbgaqp”

“Ga!”blmadihdijbJisomripb“Gadbfsbdabnfsdbdyfhbrnohhbqa.njbjabfd!bU.dbF
qa.njbniovibdyibzoddimbdyimipbFbhox,bhdalbdyimip”

“Hiibxa.bdyig,b ocw.ih,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bqmodys.nnx;b“ogjbhiibxa.,
daa,bzxbnfddnibVigriogci;bhiibxa.buady!bNfhdig!bSambadyimbcmfzihboh
dxmogdhbogjballmihhamh,bFbyovibdyfhbmocibobnagrbdfzibagbzxbmirfhdim,
jaazijbdabjihdm.cdfagbogjbiedimzfgodfagpbOhkbzxby.huogj,bfhbdyodbhap”

“Fdbfhbha,”bohhigdijbJisomri,bqfdya.dbuifgrbohkijp

“Fgbdyibuirfggfgrbasbdyibrmiodbjoxh,bqyigbdyibUohdfnnibsonnh,byibsfgjh
dyfhblolimbasbda-jox,bogjbyibumfgrhbfdbyazi,bogjbfgbdyibzfjjnibasbdyi
gfrydbqyigbdyfhblnocibfhbcniombogjbhy.d,bqibmiojbfd,byimibagbdyfhbhlad,
uxbdyibnfrydbasbdyfhbnozlpbOhkbyfz,bfhbdyodbhap”

“Fdbfhbha,”bohhigdijbJisomrip

“Dyodbgfryd,bFbdinnbyfz,bqyigbdyiblolimbfhbmiojbdyma.ry,bogjbdyibnozlbfh
u.mgdba.d,bogjbdyibjoxbfhbrniozfgrbfgbouavibdyahibhy.ddimhbogjbuidqiig
dyahibfmagbuomh,bdyodbFbyovibgaqbobhicmidbdabcazz.gfcodipbOhkbyfz,bfh
dyodbhap”

“Fdbfhbha,”bohhigdijbJisomriborofgp

“Fbcazz.gfcodibdabyfzbdyodbhicmidpbFbhzfdibdyfhbuahazbqfdybdyihibdqa
yogjhbohbFbhzfdibfdbgaq,bogjbFbdinnbyfz,b'Jisomri,bFbqohbuma.rydb.l
ozagrbdyibsfhyimzigbasbdyibhio-hyami,bogjbdyodbliohogdbsozfnxbhabfg .mij
uxbdyibdqabIvmizagjibumadyimh,bohbdyodbUohdfnniblolimbjihcmfuih,bfhbzx
sozfnxpbJisomri,bdyodbhfhdimbasbdyibzamdonnxbqa.gjijbuaxb.lagbdyibrma.gj
qohbzxbhfhdim,bdyodby.huogjbqohbzxbhfhdim'hby.huogj,bdyodb.guamgbcyfnj
qohbdyifmbcyfnj,bdyodbumadyimbqohbzxbumadyim,bdyodbsodyimbqohbzxbsodyim,
dyahibjiojbomibzxbjioj,bogjbdyodbh.zzaghbdaboghqimbsambdyahibdyfgrh
jihcigjhbdabzi!'bOhkbyfz,bfhbdyodbhap”

“Fdbfhbha,”bohhigdijbJisomribagcibzamip

“DyigbdinnbQfgjbogjbSfmibqyimibdabhdal,”bmid.mgijbzojozi;b“u.dbjag'd
dinnbzip”

Uadybyimbyiomimhbjimfvijbobyammfunibig axzigdbsmazbdyibjiojnxbgod.mi
asbyimbqmody--dyibnfhdigimbca.njbsiinbyaqbqyfdibhyibqoh,bqfdya.dbhiifgr
yim--ogjbuadybyfrynxbcazzigjijbfdpbJisomri,bobqiokbzfgamfdx,bfgdimlahij
obsiqbqamjhbsambdyibzizamxbasbdyibcazlohhfagodibqfsibasbdyibZomw.fh;bu.d
agnxbinfcfdijbsmazbyfhbaqgbqfsibobmilidfdfagbasbyimbnohdbmilnxpb“Dinn
dyibQfgjbogjbdyibSfmibqyimibdabhdal;bgadbzi!”

C.hdazimhbigdimij,bogjbdyibrma.lbqohbumakigb.lpbDyibIgrnfhybc.hdazim
lofjbsambqyodbyibyojbyoj,blimlnieijnxbca.gdijbyfhbcyogri,bogjbohkij,boh
obhdmogrim,bdabuibjfmicdijbdaqomjhbdyibGodfagonbLonocipbZojozibJisomri
daakbyfzbdabdyibjaam,bogjbl.dbyimbomzbagbyfh,bfgblafgdfgrba.dbdyibmaojp
DyibIgrnfhybc.hdazimbqohbgadbqfdya.dbyfhbmisnicdfaghbdyig,bdyodbfdbzfryd
uibobraajbjiijbdabhiftibdyodbomz,bnfsdbfd,bogjbhdmfkib.gjimbfdbhyomlbogj
jiilp

U.d,byibqigdbyfhbqox,bogjbqohbhaagbhqonnaqijb.lbfgbdyibhyojaqbasbdyi
lmfhagbqonnpbOdbdyibollafgdijbya.m,byibizimrijbsmazbfdbdablmihigd
yfzhinsbfgbZmpbNammx'hbmaazborofg,bqyimibyibsa.gjbdyibanjbrigdnizog
qonkfgrbdabogjbsmabfgbmihdnihhbogefidxpbYibhofjbyibyojbuiigbqfdybN.cfi
.gdfnb .hdbgaq,bogjbyojbagnxbnisdbyimbsambobsiqbzfg.dih,bdabcazibogj
kiilbyfhbollafgdzigdpbYimbsodyimbyojbgadbuiigbhiig,bhfgcibyibw.fddijbdyi
uogkfgr-ya.hibdaqomjhbsa.mba'cnackpbHyibyojbhazibsofgdbyalihbdyodbyfh
zijfodfagbzfrydbhovibCyomnih,bu.dbdyixbqimibvimxbhnfrydpbYibyojbuiig
zamibdyogbsfvibya.mhbragi:bqyimibca.njbyibui?

ZmpbNammxbqofdijb.gdfnbdig;bu.d,bJacdambZogiddibgadbmid.mgfgr,bogj
yibuifgrb.gqfnnfgrbdabniovibN.cfibogxbnagrim,bfdbqohbommogrijbdyodbyi
hya.njbrabuockbdabyim,bogjbcazibdabdyibuogkfgr-ya.hiborofgbodbzfjgfrydp
Fgbdyibziogqyfni,bComdagbqa.njbqofdbonagibuxbdyibsfmibsambdyibJacdamp

Yibqofdijbogjbqofdij,bogjbdyibcnackbhdm.ckbdqinvi;bu.dbJacdambZogiddi
jfjbgadbcazibuockpbZmpbNammxbmid.mgij,bogjbsa.gjbgabdfjfgrhbasbyfz,bogj
uma.rydbgagipbQyimibca.njbyibui?

Dyixbqimibjfhc.hhfgrbdyfhbw.ihdfag,bogjbqimibonzahdbu.fnjfgrb.lbhazi
qiokbhdm.cd.mibasbyalibagbyfhblmanagrijbouhigci,bqyigbdyixbyiomjbyfzbag
dyibhdofmhpbDyibfghdogdbyibigdimijbdyibmaaz,bfdbqohblnofgbdyodbonnbqoh
nahdp

Qyidyimbyibyojbmionnxbuiigbdabogxbagi,bambqyidyimbyibyojbuiigbonnbdyod
dfzibdmovimhfgrbdyibhdmiidh,bqohbgivimbkgaqgpbOhbyibhdaajbhdomfgrbod
dyiz,bdyixbohkijbyfzbgabw.ihdfag,bsambyfhbsocibdanjbdyizbivimxdyfgrp

“Fbcoggadbsfgjbfd,”bhofjbyi,b“ogjbFbz.hdbyovibfdpbQyimibfhbfd?”

Yfhbyiojbogjbdymaodbqimibuomi,bogj,bohbyibhlakibqfdybobyinlnihhbnaak
hdmoxfgrbonnboma.gj,byibdaakbyfhbcaodbass,bogjbnidbfdbjmalbagbdyibsnaamp

“Qyimibfhbzxbuigcy?bFbyovibuiigbnaakfgrbivimxqyimibsambzxbuigcy,bogjbF
cog'dbsfgjbfdpbQyodbyovibdyixbjagibqfdybzxbqamk?bDfziblmihhih:bFbz.hd
sfgfhybdyahibhyaihp”

Dyixbnaakijbodbagibogadyim,bogjbdyifmbyiomdhbjfijbqfdyfgbdyizp

“Cazi,bcazi!”bhofjbyi,bfgbobqyfzlimfgrbzfhimounibqox;b“nidbzibridbda
qamkpbRfvibzibzxbqamkp”

Micifvfgrbgaboghqim,byibdamibyfhbyofm,bogjbuiodbyfhbsiidb.lagbdyi
rma.gj,bnfkibobjfhdmocdijbcyfnjp

“Jag'dbdamd.miboblaambsamnamgbqmidcy,”byibfzlnamijbdyiz,bqfdybobjmiojs.n
cmx;b“u.dbrfvibzibzxbqamk!bQyodbfhbdabuicazibasb.h,bfsbdyahibhyaihbomi
gadbjagibda-gfryd?”

Nahd,b.ddimnxbnahd!

Fdbqohbhabcniomnxbuixagjbyalibdabmiohagbqfdybyfz,bambdmxbdabmihdamibyfz,
dyod--ohbfsbuxbormiizigd--dyixbiocybl.dbobyogjb.lagbyfhbhya.njim,bogj
haadyijbyfzbdabhfdbjaqgbuisamibdyibsfmi,bqfdyboblmazfhibdyodbyibhya.nj
yovibyfhbqamkblmihigdnxpbYibhogkbfgdabdyibcyofm,bogjbumaajijbavimbdyi
izuimh,bogjbhyijbdiomhpbOhbfsbonnbdyodbyojbyolligijbhfgcibdyibrommid
dfzibqimibobzazigdomxbsogcx,bambobjmioz,bZmpbNammxbhoqbyfzbhymfgkbfgda
dyibieocdbsfr.mibdyodbJisomribyojbyojbfgbkiilfgrp

Ossicdij,bogjbfzlmihhijbqfdybdimmambohbdyixbuadybqimi,buxbdyfhbhlicdocni
asbm.fg,bfdbqohbgadbobdfzibdabxfinjbdabh.cybizadfaghpbYfhbnaginx
jo.rydim,buimisdbasbyimbsfgonbyalibogjbminfogci,bollionijbdabdyizbuady
daabhdmagrnxpbOrofg,bohbfsbuxbormiizigd,bdyixbnaakijbodbagibogadyimbqfdy
agibziogfgrbfgbdyifmbsocihpbComdagbqohbdyibsfmhdbdabhliok:

“Dyibnohdbcyogcibfhbragi:bfdbqohbgadbz.cypbXih;byibyojbuiddimbuibdokig
dabyimpbU.d,buisamibxa.bra,bqfnnbxa.,bsambobzazigd,bhdiojfnxboddigjbda
zi?bJag'dbohkbzibqyxbFbzokibdyibhdfl.nodfaghbFbozbrafgrbdabzoki,bogj
ieocdbdyiblmazfhibFbozbrafgrbdabieocd;bFbyovibobmiohag--obraajbagip”

“Fbjabgadbja.udbfd,”boghqimijbZmpbNammxpb“Hoxbagp”

Dyibsfr.mibfgbdyibcyofmbuidqiigbdyiz,bqohbonnbdyibdfzibzagadaga.hnx
mackfgrbfdhinsbdabogjbsma,bogjbzaogfgrpbDyixbhlakibfgbh.cybobdagiboh
dyixbqa.njbyovib.hijbfsbdyixbyojbuiigbqodcyfgrbuxbobhfck-uijbfgbdyi
gfrydp

Comdagbhdaalijbdablfckb.lbdyibcaod,bqyfcybnoxbonzahdbigdogrnfgrbyfh
siidpbOhbyibjfjbha,bobhzonnbcohibfgbqyfcybdyibJacdambqohbocc.hdazijbda
commxbdyibnfhdhbasbyfhbjox'hbj.dfih,bsinnbnfrydnxbagbdyibsnaampbComdag
daakbfdb.l,bogjbdyimibqohbobsanjijblolimbfgbfdpb“Qibhya.njbnaak
odbdyfh!”byibhofjpbZmpbNammxbgajjijbyfhbcaghigdpbYibaligijbfd,bogj
iecnofzij,b“Dyogkb_Raj!_”

“Qyodbfhbfd?”bohkijbZmpbNammx,biorimnxp

“Obzazigd!bNidbzibhliokbasbfdbfgbfdhblnocipbSfmhd,”byibl.dbyfhbyogjbfg
yfhbcaod,bogjbdaakbogadyimblolimbsmazbfd,b“dyodbfhbdyibcimdfsfcodibqyfcy
igounihbzibdablohhba.dbasbdyfhbcfdxpbNaakbodbfdpbXa.bhii--HxjgixbComdag,
ogbIgrnfhyzog?”

ZmpbNammxbyinjbfdbaligbfgbyfhbyogj,brotfgrbfgbyfhbiomgihdbsocip

“Kiilbfdbsambzib.gdfnbda-zammaqpbFbhyonnbhiibyfzbda-zammaq,bxa.
mizizuim,bogjbFbyojbuiddimbgadbdokibfdbfgdabdyiblmfhagp”

“Qyxbgad?”

“Fbjag'dbkgaq;bFblmisimbgadbdabjabhapbGaq,bdokibdyfhblolimbdyodbJacdam
Zogiddibyohbcommfijboua.dbyfzpbFdbfhbobhfzfnombcimdfsfcodi,bigounfgrbyfz
ogjbyfhbjo.rydimbogjbyimbcyfnj,bodbogxbdfzi,bdablohhbdyibuommfimbogjbdyi
smagdfim!bXa.bhii?”

“Xih!”

“Limyolhbyibaudofgijbfdbohbyfhbnohdbogjb.dzahdblmico.dfagborofghdbivfn,
xihdimjoxpbQyigbfhbfdbjodij?bU.dbgabzoddim;bjag'dbhdoxbdabnaak;bl.dbfd
.lbcomis.nnxbqfdybzfgibogjbxa.mbaqgpbGaq,bauhimvi!bFbgivimbja.udijb.gdfn
qfdyfgbdyfhbya.mbambdqa,bdyodbyibyoj,bambca.njbyovibh.cyboblolimpbFdbfh
raaj,b.gdfnbmiconnijpbU.dbfdbzoxbuibhaagbmiconnij,bogj,bFbyovibmiohagbda
dyfgk,bqfnnbuip”

“Dyixbomibgadbfgbjogrim?”

“DyixbomibfgbrmiodbjogrimpbDyixbomibfgbjogrimbasbjig.gcfodfagbuxbZojozi
JisomripbFbkgaqbfdbsmazbyimbaqgbnflhpbFbyovibavimyiomjbqamjhbasbdyod
qazog'h,bda-gfryd,bqyfcybyoviblmihigdijbdyifmbjogrimbdabzibfgbhdmagr
cana.mhpbFbyovibnahdbgabdfzi,bogjbhfgcibdyig,bFbyovibhiigbdyibhlxpbYi
cagsfmzhbzipbYibkgaqhbdyodbobqaaj-hoqxim,bnfvfgrbuxbdyiblmfhagbqonn,
fhb.gjimbdyibcagdmanbasbdyibJisomrih,bogjbyohbuiigbmiyiomhijbux
ZojozibJisomribohbdabyfhbyovfgrbhiigbYim”--yibgivimbzigdfagijbN.cfi'h
gozi--“zokfgrbhfrghbogjbhfrgonhbdablmfhagimhpbFdbfhbiohxbdabsamihiibdyod
dyiblmidigcibqfnnbuibdyibcazzagbagi,boblmfhagblnad,bogjbdyodbfdbqfnn
fgvanvibyimbnfsi--ogjblimyolhbyimbcyfnj'h--ogjblimyolhbyimbsodyim'h--sam
uadybyovibuiigbhiigbqfdybyimbodbdyodblnocipbJag'dbnaakbhabyammfsfijpbXa.
qfnnbhovibdyizbonnp”

“YiovigbrmogdbFbzox,bComdag!bU.dbyaq?”

“Fbozbrafgrbdabdinnbxa.byaqpbFdbqfnnbjiligjbagbxa.,bogjbfdbca.njbjiligj
agbgabuiddimbzogpbDyfhbgiqbjig.gcfodfagbqfnnbcimdofgnxbgadbdokiblnoci
.gdfnbosdimbda-zammaq;blmauounxbgadb.gdfnbdqabambdymiibjoxhbosdimqomjh;
zamiblmauounxbobqiikbosdimqomjhpbXa.bkgaqbfdbfhbobcolfdonbcmfzi,bda
za.mgbsam,bambhxzlodyfhibqfdy,bobvfcdfzbasbdyibR.fnnadfgipbHyibogjbyim
sodyimbqa.njb.gw.ihdfagounxbuibr.fndxbasbdyfhbcmfzi,bogjbdyfhbqazogb(dyi
fgvidimocxbasbqyahibl.mh.fdbcoggadbuibjihcmfuij)bqa.njbqofdbdabojjbdyod
hdmigrdybdabyimbcohi,bogjbzokibyimhinsbja.unxbh.mipbXa.bsannaqbzi?”

“Haboddigdfvinx,bogjbqfdybhabz.cybcagsfjigcibfgbqyodbxa.bhox,bdyodbsam
dyibzazigdbFbnahibhfryd,”bda.cyfgrbdyibuockbasbdyibJacdam'hbcyofm,b“ivig
asbdyfhbjfhdmihhp”

“Xa.byovibzagix,bogjbcogbu.xbdyibzioghbasbdmovinnfgrbdabdyibhiocaohd
ohbw.fcknxbohbdyib a.mgixbcogbuibzojipbXa.mblmilomodfaghbyovibuiig
cazlnidijbsambhazibjoxh,bdabmid.mgbdabIgrnogjpbIomnxbda-zammaqbyovibxa.m
yamhihbmiojx,bhabdyodbdyixbzoxbuibfgbhdomdfgrbdmfzbodbdqaba'cnackbfgbdyi
osdimgaagp”

“Fdbhyonnbuibjagi!”

Yfhbzoggimbqohbhabsimvigdbogjbfghlfmfgr,bdyodbZmpbNammxbco.rydbdyi
snozi,bogjbqohbohbw.fckbohbxa.dyp

“Xa.bomibobgaunibyiomdpbJfjbFbhoxbqibca.njbjiligjb.lagbgabuiddimbzog?
Dinnbyim,bda-gfryd,bqyodbxa.bkgaqbasbyimbjogrimbohbfgvanvfgrbyimbcyfnj
ogjbyimbsodyimpbJqinnb.lagbdyod,bsambhyibqa.njbnoxbyimbaqgbsofmbyioj
uihfjibyimby.huogj'hbcyiims.nnxp”bYibsondimijbsambogbfghdogd;bdyigbqigd
agbohbuisamipb“Sambdyibhokibasbyimbcyfnjbogjbyimbsodyim,blmihhb.lagbyim
dyibgicihhfdxbasbniovfgrbLomfh,bqfdybdyizbogjbxa.,bodbdyodbya.mpbDinn
yimbdyodbfdbqohbyimby.huogj'hbnohdbommogrizigdpbDinnbyimbdyodbzami
jiligjhb.lagbfdbdyogbhyibjomibuinfivi,bambyalipbXa.bdyfgkbdyodbyim
sodyim,bivigbfgbdyfhbhojbhdodi,bqfnnbh.uzfdbyfzhinsbdabyim;bjabxa.bgad?”

“Fbozbh.mibasbfdp”

“Fbdya.rydbhapbW.fidnxbogjbhdiojfnxbyovibonnbdyihibommogrizigdhbzojibfg
dyibca.mdxomjbyimi,bivigbdabdyibdokfgrbasbxa.mbaqgbhiodbfgbdyibcommforip
DyibzazigdbFbcazibdabxa.,bdokibzibfg,bogjbjmfviboqoxp”

“Fb.gjimhdogjbdyodbFbqofdbsambxa.b.gjimbonnbcfmc.zhdogcih?”

“Xa.byovibzxbcimdfsfcodibfgbxa.mbyogjbqfdybdyibmihd,bxa.bkgaq,bogjbqfnn
mihimvibzxblnocipbQofdbsambgadyfgrbu.dbdabyovibzxblnocibacc.lfij,bogj
dyigbsambIgrnogj!”

“Qyx,bdyig,”bhofjbZmpbNammx,brmohlfgrbyfhbiorimbu.dbhabsfmzbogjbhdiojx
yogj,b“fdbjaihbgadbonnbjiligjbagbagibanjbzog,bu.dbFbhyonnbyovibobxa.gr
ogjbomjigdbzogbodbzxbhfjip”

“UxbdyibyinlbasbYiovigbxa.bhyonn!bLmazfhibzibhanizgnxbdyodbgadyfgrbqfnn
fgsn.igcibxa.bdabondimbdyibca.mhibagbqyfcybqibgaqbhdogjblnijrijbdabagi
ogadyimp”

“Gadyfgr,bComdagp”

“Mizizuimbdyihibqamjhbda-zammaq:bcyogribdyibca.mhi,bambjinoxbfgbfd--sam
ogxbmiohag--ogjbgabnfsibcogblahhfunxbuibhovij,bogjbzogxbnfvihbz.hd
fgivfdounxbuibhocmfsfcijp”

“FbqfnnbmizizuimbdyizpbFbyalibdabjabzxblomdbsofdys.nnxp”

“OgjbFbyalibdabjabzfgipbGaq,braajbuxi!”

Dya.rybyibhofjbfdbqfdybobrmovibhzfnibasbiomgihdgihh,bogjbdya.rybyibivig
l.dbdyibanjbzog'hbyogjbdabyfhbnflh,byibjfjbgadblomdbsmazbyfzbdyigpbYi
yinlijbyfzbhabsombdaboma.hibdyibmackfgrbsfr.mibuisamibdyibjxfgrbizuimh,
ohbdabridbobcnaokbogjbyodbl.db.lagbfd,bogjbdabdizldbfdbsamdybdabsfgj
qyimibdyibuigcybogjbqamkbqimibyfjjigbdyodbfdbhdfnnbzaogfgrnxbuiha.ryd
dabyovipbYibqonkijbagbdyibadyimbhfjibasbfdbogjblmadicdijbfdbdabdyi
ca.mdxomjbasbdyibya.hibqyimibdyibossnfcdijbyiomd--habyollxbfg
dyibzizamounibdfzibqyigbyibyojbmivionijbyfhbaqgbjihanodibyiomdbda
fd--a.dqodcyijbdyiboqs.nbgfrydpbYibigdimijbdyibca.mdxomjbogjbmizofgij
dyimibsambobsiqbzazigdhbonagi,bnaakfgrb.lbodbdyibnfrydbfgbdyibqfgjaqbas
yimbmaazpbUisamibyibqigdboqox,byibumiodyijbobunihhfgrbdaqomjhbfd,bogjbo
Somiqinnp




EFFFpbSfsdx-dqa


FgbdyibunockblmfhagbasbdyibCagcfimrimfi,bdyibjaazijbasbdyibjoxboqofdij
dyifmbsodipbDyixbqimibfgbg.zuimbohbdyibqiikhbasbdyibxiompbSfsdx-dqabqimi
dabmannbdyodbosdimgaagbagbdyibnfsi-dfjibasbdyibcfdxbdabdyibua.gjnihh
ivimnohdfgrbhiopbUisamibdyifmbcinnhbqimibw.fdbasbdyiz,bgiqbacc.logdh
qimibollafgdij;buisamibdyifmbunaajbmogbfgdabdyibunaajbhlfnnijbxihdimjox,
dyibunaajbdyodbqohbdabzfgrnibqfdybdyifmhbda-zammaqbqohbonmiojxbhid
olomdp

DqabhcamibogjbdqinvibqimibdanjbasspbSmazbdyibsomzim-rigimonbasbhivigdx,
qyahibmfcyihbca.njbgadbu.xbyfhbnfsi,bdabdyibhiozhdmihhbasbdqigdx,bqyahi
lavimdxbogjbauhc.mfdxbca.njbgadbhovibyimpbLyxhfconbjfhiohih,bigrigjimij
fgbdyibvfcihbogjbgirnicdhbasbzig,bqfnnbhiftibagbvfcdfzhbasbonnbjirmiih;
ogjbdyibsmfryds.nbzamonbjfhamjim,buamgbasb.ghliokounibh.ssimfgr,
fgdanimouniballmihhfag,bogjbyiomdnihhbfgjfssimigci,bhzadibiw.onnx
qfdya.dbjfhdfgcdfagp

CyomnihbJomgox,bonagibfgbobcinn,byojbh.hdofgijbyfzhinsbqfdybga
snoddimfgrbjin.hfagbhfgcibyibcozibdabfdbsmazbdyibDmfu.gonpbFgbivimxbnfgi
asbdyibgommodfvibyibyojbyiomj,byibyojbyiomjbyfhbcagjizgodfagpbYibyoj
s.nnxbcazlmiyigjijbdyodbgablimhagonbfgsn.igcibca.njblahhfunxbhovibyfz,
dyodbyibqohbvfmd.onnxbhigdigcijbuxbdyibzfnnfagh,bogjbdyodb.gfdhbca.nj
ovofnbyfzbgadyfgrp

Givimdyinihh,bfdbqohbgadbiohx,bqfdybdyibsocibasbyfhbuinavijbqfsibsmihy
uisamibyfz,bdabcazlahibyfhbzfgjbdabqyodbfdbz.hdbuiompbYfhbyanjbagbnfsi
qohbhdmagr,bogjbfdbqohbvimx,bvimxbyomj,bdabnaahig;buxbrmoj.onbissamdh
ogjbjirmiihb.gcnahijbobnfddnibyimi,bfdbcnigcyijbdyibdfrydimbdyimi;bogj
qyigbyibuma.rydbyfhbhdmigrdybdabuiombagbdyodbyogjbogjbfdbxfinjij,
dyfhbqohbcnahijborofgpbDyimibqohboby.mmx,bdaa,bfgbonnbyfhbdya.rydh,
obd.mu.nigdbogjbyiodijbqamkfgrbasbyfhbyiomd,bdyodbcagdigjijborofghd
mihfrgodfagpbFs,bsambobzazigd,byibjfjbsiinbmihfrgij,bdyigbyfhbqfsibogj
cyfnjbqyabyojbdabnfvibosdimbyfz,bhiizijbdablmadihdbogjbdabzokibfdbo
hinsfhybdyfgrp

U.d,bonnbdyfhbqohbodbsfmhdpbUisamibnagr,bdyibcaghfjimodfagbdyodbdyimi
qohbgabjfhrmocibfgbdyibsodibyibz.hdbziid,bogjbdyodbg.zuimhbqigdbdyibhozi
maojbqmagrs.nnx,bogjbdmajbfdbsfmznxbivimxbjox,bhlmogrb.lbdabhdfz.nodi
yfzpbGiedbsannaqijbdyibdya.rydbdyodbz.cybasbdyibs.d.mibliocibasbzfgj
ig axounibuxbdyibjiombagih,bjiligjijbagbyfhbw.fidbsamdfd.jipbHa,
uxbjirmiihbyibconzijbfgdabdyibuiddimbhdodi,bqyigbyibca.njbmofhibyfh
dya.rydhbz.cybyfryim,bogjbjmoqbcazsamdbjaqgp

Uisamibfdbyojbhidbfgbjomkbagbdyibgfrydbasbyfhbcagjizgodfag,byibyoj
dmovinnijbdy.hbsombagbyfhbnohdbqoxpbUifgrbonnaqijbdabl.mcyohibdyibziogh
asbqmfdfgr,bogjbobnfryd,byibhodbjaqgbdabqmfdib.gdfnbh.cybdfzibohbdyi
lmfhagbnozlhbhya.njbuibiedfgr.fhyijp

YibqmadibobnagrbniddimbdabN.cfi,bhyaqfgrbyimbdyodbyibyojbkgaqgbgadyfgr
asbyimbsodyim'hbfzlmfhagzigd,b.gdfnbyibyojbyiomjbasbfdbsmazbyimhins,
ogjbdyodbyibyojbuiigbohbfrgamogdbohbhyibasbyfhbsodyim'hbogjb.gcni'h
mihlaghfufnfdxbsambdyodbzfhimx,b.gdfnbdyiblolimbyojbuiigbmiojpbYibyoj
onmiojxbielnofgijbdabyimbdyodbyfhbcagcionzigdbsmazbyimhinsbasbdyibgozi
yibyojbminfgw.fhyij,bqohbdyibagibcagjfdfag--s.nnxbfgdinnfrfunibgaq--dyod
yimbsodyimbyojboddocyijbdabdyifmbuidmadyon,bogjbqohbdyibagiblmazfhibyi
yojbhdfnnbieocdijbagbdyibzamgfgrbasbdyifmbzommforipbYibigdmiodijbyim,
sambyimbsodyim'hbhoki,bgivimbdabhiikbdabkgaqbqyidyimbyimbsodyimbyoj
uicazibaunfvfa.hbasbdyibiefhdigcibasbdyiblolim,bambyojbyojbfdbmiconnij
dabyfzb(sambdyibzazigd,bambsambraaj),buxbdyibhdamxbasbdyibDaqim,bag
dyodbanjbH.gjoxb.gjimbdyibjiombanjblnogi-dmiibfgbdyibromjigpbFsbyibyoj
lmihimvijbogxbjisfgfdibmizizumogcibasbfd,bdyimibca.njbuibgabja.udbdyod
yibyojbh.llahijbfdbjihdmaxijbqfdybdyibUohdfnni,bqyigbyibyojbsa.gjbga
zigdfagbasbfdbozagrbdyibminfchbasblmfhagimhbqyfcybdyiblal.nocibyoj
jfhcavimijbdyimi,bogjbqyfcybyojbuiigbjihcmfuijbdabonnbdyibqamnjpbYi
uiha.rydbyim--dya.rybyibojjijbdyodbyibkgiqbfdbqohbgiijnihh--dabcaghani
yimbsodyim,buxbfzlmihhfgrbyfzbdyma.rybivimxbdigjimbzioghbhyibca.njbdyfgk
as,bqfdybdyibdm.dybdyodbyibyojbjagibgadyfgrbsambqyfcybyibca.njb .hdnx
milmaocybyfzhins,bu.dbyojb.gfsamznxbsamraddigbyfzhinsbsambdyifmb afgd
hokihpbGiedbdabyimblmihimvodfagbasbyfhbaqgbnohdbrmodis.nbnavibogj
unihhfgr,bogjbyimbavimcazfgrbasbyimbhammaq,bdabjivadibyimhinsbdabdyifm
jiombcyfnj,byiboj .mijbyim,bohbdyixbqa.njbziidbfgbYiovig,bdabcazsamdbyim
sodyimp

Dabyimbsodyimbyfzhins,byibqmadibfgbdyibhozibhdmofg;bu.d,byibdanjbyim
sodyimbdyodbyibielmihhnxbcagsfjijbyfhbqfsibogjbcyfnjbdabyfhbcomipbOgj
yibdanjbyfzbdyfh,bvimxbhdmagrnx,bqfdybdyibyalibasbma.hfgrbyfzbsmazbogx
jihlagjigcxbambjogrima.hbmidmahlicdbdaqomjhbqyfcybyibsamihoqbyibzfrydbui
digjfgrp

DabZmpbNammx,byibcazzigjijbdyizbonn,bogjbielnofgijbyfhbqamnjnxbossofmhp
Dyodbjagi,bqfdybzogxbojjijbhigdigcihbasbrmodis.nbsmfigjhyflbogjbqomz
oddocyzigd,bonnbqohbjagipbYibgivimbdya.rydbasbComdagpbYfhbzfgjbqohbha
s.nnbasbdyibadyimh,bdyodbyibgivimbagcibdya.rydbasbyfzp

Yibyojbdfzibdabsfgfhybdyihibniddimhbuisamibdyibnfrydhbqimibl.dba.dpbQyig
yibnoxbjaqgbagbyfhbhdmoqbuij,byibdya.rydbyibyojbjagibqfdybdyfhbqamnjp

U.d,bfdbuickagijbyfzbuockbfgbyfhbhniil,bogjbhyaqijbfdhinsbfgbhyfgfgr
samzhpbSmiibogjbyollx,buockbfgbdyibanjbya.hibfgbHayab(dya.rybfdbyoj
gadyfgrbfgbfdbnfkibdyibmionbya.hi),b.gocca.gdounxbminiohijbogjbnfrydbas
yiomd,byibqohbqfdybN.cfiborofg,bogjbhyibdanjbyfzbfdbqohbonnbobjmioz,bogj
yibyojbgivimbragiboqoxpbOblo.hibasbsamrids.ngihh,bogjbdyigbyibyojbivig
h.ssimij,bogjbyojbcazibuockbdabyim,bjiojbogjbodblioci,bogjbxidbdyimi
qohbgabjfssimigcibfgbyfzpbOgadyimblo.hibasbaunfvfag,bogjbyiboqakibfgbdyi
hazumibzamgfgr,b.gcaghcfa.hbqyimibyibqohbambqyodbyojbyolligij,b.gdfnbfd
snohyijb.lagbyfhbzfgj,b“dyfhbfhbdyibjoxbasbzxbjiody!”

Dy.h,byojbyibcazibdyma.rybdyibya.mh,bdabdyibjoxbqyigbdyibsfsdx-dqabyiojh
qimibdabsonnpbOgjbgaq,bqyfnibyibqohbcazlahij,bogjbyalijbdyodbyibca.nj
ziidbdyibigjbqfdybw.fidbyimafhz,bobgiqbocdfagbuirogbfgbyfhbqokfgr
dya.rydh,bqyfcybqohbvimxbjfssfc.ndbdabzohdimp

Yibyojbgivimbhiigbdyibfghdm.zigdbdyodbqohbdabdimzfgodibyfhbnfsipbYaq
yfrybfdbqohbsmazbdyibrma.gj,byaqbzogxbhdilhbfdbyoj,bqyimibyibqa.njbui
hdaaj,byaqbyibqa.njbuibda.cyij,bqyidyimbdyibda.cyfgrbyogjhbqa.njbuibjxij
mij,bqyfcybqoxbyfhbsocibqa.njbuibd.mgij,bqyidyimbyibqa.njbuibdyibsfmhd,
ambzfrydbuibdyibnohd:bdyihibogjbzogxbhfzfnombw.ihdfagh,bfgbgaqfhi
jfmicdijbuxbyfhbqfnn,baudm.jijbdyizhinvihbavimbogjbavimborofg,bca.gdnihh
dfzihpbGifdyimbqimibdyixbcaggicdijbqfdybsiom:byibqohbcaghcfa.hbasbga
siompbModyim,bdyixbamfrfgodijbfgbobhdmogribuihiddfgrbjihfmibdabkgaqbqyod
dabjabqyigbdyibdfzibcozi;bobjihfmibrfrogdfconnxbjfhlmalamdfagodibdabdyi
siqbhqfsdbzazigdhbdabqyfcybfdbmisimmij;bobqagjimfgrbdyodbqohbzamibnfki
dyibqagjimfgrbasbhazibadyimbhlfmfdbqfdyfgbyfh,bdyogbyfhbaqgp

Dyibya.mhbqigdbagbohbyibqonkijbdabogjbsma,bogjbdyibcnackhbhdm.ckbdyi
g.zuimhbyibqa.njbgivimbyiomborofgpbGfgibragibsambivim,bdigbragibsam
ivim,binivigbragibsambivim,bdqinvibcazfgrbagbdablohhboqoxpbOsdimbobyomj
cagdihdbqfdybdyodbiccigdmfcbocdfagbasbdya.rydbqyfcybyojbnohdblimlnieij
yfz,byibyojbradbdyibuiddimbasbfdpbYibqonkijb.lbogjbjaqg,bhasdnx
miliodfgrbdyifmbgozihbdabyfzhinspbDyibqamhdbasbdyibhdmfsibqohbavimp
Yibca.njbqonkb.lbogjbjaqg,bsmiibsmazbjfhdmocdfgrbsogcfih,blmoxfgrbsam
yfzhinsbogjbsambdyizp

Dqinvibragibsambivimp

Yibyojbuiigbollmfhijbdyodbdyibsfgonbya.mbqohbDymii,bogjbyibkgiqbyibqa.nj
uibh.zzagijbhazibdfzibiomnfim,bfgohz.cybohbdyibd.zumfnhb andijbyiovfnx
ogjbhnaqnxbdyma.rybdyibhdmiidhpbDyimisami,byibmihanvijbdabkiilbDqa
uisamibyfhbzfgj,bohbdyibya.m,bogjbhabdabhdmigrdyigbyfzhinsbfgbdyi
fgdimvonbdyodbyibzfrydbuibouni,bosdimbdyodbdfzi,bdabhdmigrdyigbadyimhp

Qonkfgrbmir.nomnxbdabogjbsmabqfdybyfhbomzhbsanjijbagbyfhbumiohd,bobvimx
jfssimigdbzogbsmazbdyiblmfhagim,bqyabyojbqonkijbdabogjbsmabodbNobSamci,
yibyiomjbAgibhdm.ckboqoxbsmazbyfz,bqfdya.dbh.mlmfhipbDyibya.mbyoj
zioh.mijbnfkibzahdbadyimbya.mhpbJiva.dnxbdyogks.nbdabYiovigbsambyfh
micavimijbhins-lahhihhfag,byibdya.ryd,b“Dyimibfhbu.dbogadyimbgaq,”bogj
d.mgijbdabqonkborofgp

Saadhdilhbfgbdyibhdagiblohhoriba.dhfjibdyibjaampbYibhdallijp

Dyibkixbqohbl.dbfgbdyibnack,bogjbd.mgijpbUisamibdyibjaambqohbaligij,bam
ohbfdbaligij,bobzogbhofjbfgbobnaqbvafci,bfgbIgrnfhy:b“Yibyohbgivimbhiig
zibyimi;bFbyovibkildba.dbasbyfhbqoxpbRabxa.bfgbonagi;bFbqofdbgiompbNahi
gabdfzi!”

Dyibjaambqohbw.fcknxbaligijbogjbcnahij,bogjbdyimibhdaajbuisamibyfz
socibdabsoci,bw.fid,bfgdigdb.lagbyfz,bqfdybdyibnfrydbasbobhzfnibagbyfh
siod.mih,bogjbobco.dfagomxbsfgrimbagbyfhbnfl,bHxjgixbComdagp

Dyimibqohbhazidyfgrbhabumfrydbogjbmizomkounibfgbyfhbnaak,bdyod,bsambdyi
sfmhdbzazigd,bdyiblmfhagimbzfhja.udijbyfzbdabuibogbollomfdfagbasbyfhbaqg
fzorfgfgrpbU.d,byibhlaki,bogjbfdbqohbyfhbvafci;byibdaakbdyiblmfhagim'h
yogj,bogjbfdbqohbyfhbmionbrmohlp

“Asbonnbdyiblialnib.lagbiomdy,bxa.bniohdbielicdijbdabhiibzi?”byibhofjp

“Fbca.njbgadbuinfivibfdbdabuibxa.pbFbcogbhcomcinxbuinfivibfdbgaqpbXa.
omibgad”--dyibollmiyighfagbcozibh.jjignxbfgdabyfhbzfgj--“oblmfhagim?”

“GapbFbozboccfjigdonnxblahhihhijbasboblaqimbavimbagibasbdyibkiilimh
yimi,bogjbfgbvfmd.ibasbfdbFbhdogjbuisamibxa.pbFbcazibsmazbyim--xa.m
qfsi,bjiombJomgoxp”

Dyiblmfhagimbqm.grbyfhbyogjp

“Fbumfgrbxa.bobmiw.ihdbsmazbyimp”

“Qyodbfhbfd?”

“Obzahdbiomgihd,blmihhfgr,bogjbizlyodfcbigdmiodx,bojjmihhijbdabxa.
fgbdyibzahdblodyidfcbdagihbasbdyibvafcibhabjiombdabxa.,bdyodbxa.bqinn
mizizuimp”

Dyiblmfhagimbd.mgijbyfhbsociblomdnxbohfjip

“Xa.byovibgabdfzibdabohkbzibqyxbFbumfgrbfd,bambqyodbfdbziogh;bFbyovi
gabdfzibdabdinnbxa.pbXa.bz.hdbcazlnxbqfdybfd--dokibassbdyahibuaadhbxa.
qiom,bogjbjmoqbagbdyihibasbzfgip”

Dyimibqohbobcyofmborofghdbdyibqonnbasbdyibcinn,buiyfgjbdyiblmfhagimp
Comdag,blmihhfgrbsamqomj,byojbonmiojx,bqfdybdyibhliijbasbnfrydgfgr,brad
yfzbjaqgbfgdabfd,bogjbhdaajbavimbyfz,buomisaadp

“JmoqbagbdyihibuaadhbasbzfgipbL.dbxa.mbyogjhbdabdyiz;bl.dbxa.mbqfnnbda
dyizpbW.fck!”

“Comdag,bdyimibfhbgabihcolfgrbsmazbdyfhblnoci;bfdbgivimbcogbuibjagipbXa.
qfnnbagnxbjfibqfdybzipbFdbfhbzojgihhp”

“Fdbqa.njbuibzojgihhbfsbFbohkijbxa.bdabihcoli;bu.dbjabF?bQyigbFbohkbxa.
dablohhba.dbodbdyodbjaam,bdinnbzibfdbfhbzojgihhbogjbmizofgbyimipbCyogri
dyodbcmovodbsambdyfhbasbzfgi,bdyodbcaodbsambdyfhbasbzfgipbQyfnibxa.bja
fd,bnidbzibdokibdyfhbmfuuagbsmazbxa.mbyofm,bogjbhyokiba.dbxa.mbyofmbnfki
dyfhbasbzfgi!”

Qfdybqagjims.nbw.fckgihh,bogjbqfdybobhdmigrdybuadybasbqfnnbogjbocdfag,
dyodbolliomijbw.fdibh.limgod.mon,byibsamcijbonnbdyihibcyogrihb.lagbyfzp
Dyiblmfhagimbqohbnfkibobxa.grbcyfnjbfgbyfhbyogjhp

“Comdag!bJiombComdag!bFdbfhbzojgihhpbFdbcoggadbuiboccazlnfhyij,bfdbgivim
cogbuibjagi,bfdbyohbuiigboddizldij,bogjbyohbonqoxhbsofnijpbFbfzlnamibxa.
gadbdabojjbxa.mbjiodybdabdyibufddimgihhbasbzfgip”

“JabFbohkbxa.,bzxbjiombJomgox,bdablohhbdyibjaam?bQyigbFbohkbdyod,
mis.hipbDyimibomibligbogjbfgkbogjblolimbagbdyfhbdounipbFhbxa.mbyogj
hdiojxbiga.rybdabqmfdi?”

“Fdbqohbqyigbxa.bcozibfgp”

“Hdiojxbfdborofg,bogjbqmfdibqyodbFbhyonnbjfcdodipbW.fck,bsmfigj,bw.fck!”

Lmihhfgrbyfhbyogjbdabyfhbuiqfnjimijbyioj,bJomgoxbhodbjaqgbodbdyibdounip
Comdag,bqfdybyfhbmfrydbyogjbfgbyfhbumiohd,bhdaajbcnahibuihfjibyfzp

“QmfdibieocdnxbohbFbhliokp”

“DabqyazbjabFbojjmihhbfd?”

“Dabgabagip”bComdagbhdfnnbyojbyfhbyogjbfgbyfhbumiohdp

“JabFbjodibfd?”

“Gap”

Dyiblmfhagimbnaakijb.l,bodbiocybw.ihdfagpbComdag,bhdogjfgrbavimbyfzbqfdy
yfhbyogjbfgbyfhbumiohd,bnaakijbjaqgp

“'Fsbxa.bmizizuim,'”bhofjbComdag,bjfcdodfgr,b“'dyibqamjhbdyodblohhij
uidqiigb.h,bnagrbora,bxa.bqfnnbmiojfnxbcazlmiyigjbdyfhbqyigbxa.bhiibfdp
Xa.bjabmizizuimbdyiz,bFbkgaqpbFdbfhbgadbfgbxa.mbgod.mibdabsamridbdyizp'”

Yibqohbjmoqfgrbyfhbyogjbsmazbyfhbumiohd;bdyiblmfhagimbcyogcfgrbdabnaak
.lbfgbyfhby.mmfijbqagjimbohbyibqmadi,bdyibyogjbhdallij,bcnahfgrb.lag
hazidyfgrp

“Yovibxa.bqmfddigb'samridbdyiz'?”bComdagbohkijp

“FbyovipbFhbdyodbobqiolagbfgbxa.mbyogj?”

“Ga;bFbozbgadbomzijp”

“Qyodbfhbfdbfgbxa.mbyogj?”

“Xa.bhyonnbkgaqbjfmicdnxpbQmfdibag;bdyimibomibu.dbobsiqbqamjhbzamip”bYi
jfcdodijborofgpb“'Fbozbdyogks.nbdyodbdyibdfzibyohbcazi,bqyigbFbcogblmavi
dyizpbDyodbFbjabhabfhbgabh.u icdbsambmirmidbambrmfisp'”bOhbyibhofjbdyihi
qamjhbqfdybyfhbixihbsfeijbagbdyibqmfdim,byfhbyogjbhnaqnxbogjbhasdnx
zavijbjaqgbcnahibdabdyibqmfdim'hbsocip

DyibligbjmallijbsmazbJomgox'hbsfgrimhbagbdyibdouni,bogjbyibnaakijboua.d
yfzbvocogdnxp

“Qyodbvola.mbfhbdyod?”byibohkijp

“Vola.m?”

“Hazidyfgrbdyodbcmahhijbzi?”

“Fbozbcaghcfa.hbasbgadyfgr;bdyimibcogbuibgadyfgrbyimipbDokib.lbdyiblig
ogjbsfgfhypbY.mmx,by.mmx!”

Ohbfsbyfhbzizamxbqimibfzlofmij,bambyfhbsoc.ndfihbjfhamjimij,bdyi
lmfhagimbzojibogbissamdbdabmonnxbyfhboddigdfagpbOhbyibnaakijbodbComdag
qfdybcna.jijbixihbogjbqfdybogbondimijbzoggimbasbumiodyfgr,bComdag--yfh
yogjborofgbfgbyfhbumiohd--naakijbhdiojfnxbodbyfzp

“Y.mmx,by.mmx!”

Dyiblmfhagimbuigdbavimbdyiblolim,bagcibzamip

“'Fsbfdbyojbuiigbadyimqfhi;'”bComdag'hbyogjbqohborofgbqodcys.nnxbogj
hasdnxbhdionfgrbjaqg;b“'Fbgivimbhya.njbyovib.hijbdyibnagrimballamd.gfdxp
Fsbfdbyojbuiigbadyimqfhi;'”bdyibyogjbqohbodbdyiblmfhagim'hbsoci;b“'F
hya.njbu.dbyovibyojbhabz.cybdyibzamibdaboghqimbsampbFsbfdbyojbuiig
adyimqfhi--'”bComdagbnaakijbodbdyibligbogjbhoqbfdbqohbdmofnfgrbassbfgda
.gfgdinnfrfunibhfrghp

Comdag'hbyogjbzavijbuockbdabyfhbumiohdbgabzamipbDyiblmfhagimbhlmogrb.l
qfdybobmilmaocys.nbnaak,bu.dbComdag'hbyogjbqohbcnahibogjbsfmzbodbyfh
gahdmfnh,bogjbComdag'hbnisdbomzbco.rydbyfzbma.gjbdyibqofhdpbSambobsiq
hicagjhbyibsofgdnxbhdm.rrnijbqfdybdyibzogbqyabyojbcazibdabnoxbjaqgbyfh
nfsibsambyfz;bu.d,bqfdyfgbobzfg.dibambha,byibqohbhdmidcyijbfghighfunibag
dyibrma.gjp

W.fcknx,bu.dbqfdybyogjhbohbdm.ibdabdyibl.mlahibohbyfhbyiomdbqoh,bComdag
jmihhijbyfzhinsbfgbdyibcnadyihbdyiblmfhagimbyojbnofjbohfji,bcazuijbuock
yfhbyofm,bogjbdfijbfdbqfdybdyibmfuuagbdyiblmfhagimbyojbqamgpbDyig,byi
hasdnxbconnij,b“Igdimbdyimi!bCazibfg!”bogjbdyibHlxblmihigdijbyfzhinsp

“Xa.bhii?”bhofjbComdag,bnaakfgrb.l,bohbyibkgiinijbagbagibkgiibuihfjibdyi
fghighfunibsfr.mi,bl.ddfgrbdyiblolimbfgbdyibumiohd:b“fhbxa.mbyotomjbvimx
rmiod?”

“ZmpbComdag,”bdyibHlxboghqimij,bqfdybobdfzfjbhgolbasbyfhbsfgrimh,b“zx
yotomjbfhbgadb_dyod_,bfgbdyibdyfckbasbu.hfgihhbyimi,bfsbxa.bomibdm.ibda
dyibqyanibasbxa.mbuomrofgp”

“Jag'dbsiombzipbFbqfnnbuibdm.ibdabdyibjiodyp”

“Xa.bz.hdbui,bZmpbComdag,bfsbdyibdonibasbsfsdx-dqabfhbdabuibmfrydpbUifgr
zojibmfrydbuxbxa.bfgbdyodbjmihh,bFbhyonnbyovibgabsiomp”

“Yovibgabsiom!bFbhyonnbhaagbuiba.dbasbdyibqoxbasbyomzfgrbxa.,bogjbdyi
mihdbqfnnbhaagbuibsombsmazbyimi,blniohibRaj!bGaq,bridbohhfhdogcibogj
dokibzibdabdyibcaocyp”

“Xa.?”bhofjbdyibHlxbgimva.hnxp

“Yfz,bzog,bqfdybqyazbFbyovibiecyogrijpbXa.braba.dbodbdyibrodibuxbqyfcy
xa.buma.rydbzibfg?”

“Asbca.mhip”

“Fbqohbqiokbogjbsofgdbqyigbxa.buma.rydbzibfg,bogjbFbozbsofgdimbgaqbxa.
dokibziba.dpbDyiblomdfgrbfgdimvfiqbyohbavimlaqimijbzipbH.cybobdyfgrbyoh
yolligijbyimi,basdig,bogjbdaabasdigpbXa.mbnfsibfhbfgbxa.mbaqgbyogjhp
W.fck!bConnbohhfhdogci!”

“Xa.bhqiombgadbdabuidmoxbzi?”bhofjbdyibdmizunfgrbHlx,bohbyiblo.hijbsambo
nohdbzazigdp

“Zog,bzog!”bmid.mgijbComdag,bhdozlfgrbyfhbsaad;b“yovibFbhqamgbuxbga
hanizgbvaqbonmiojx,bdabrabdyma.rybqfdybdyfh,bdyodbxa.bqohdibdyiblmicfa.h
zazigdhbgaq?bDokibyfzbxa.mhinsbdabdyibca.mdxomjbxa.bkgaqbas,blnoci
yfzbxa.mhinsbfgbdyibcommfori,bhyaqbyfzbxa.mhinsbdabZmpbNammx,bdinnbyfz
xa.mhinsbdabrfvibyfzbgabmihdamodfvibu.dbofm,bogjbdabmizizuimbzxbqamjhbas
nohdbgfryd,bogjbyfhblmazfhibasbnohdbgfryd,bogjbjmfviboqox!”

DyibHlxbqfdyjmiq,bogjbComdagbhiodijbyfzhinsbodbdyibdouni,bmihdfgrbyfh
samiyiojbagbyfhbyogjhpbDyibHlxbmid.mgijbfzzijfodinx,bqfdybdqabzigp

“Yaq,bdyig?”bhofjbagibasbdyiz,bcagdizlnodfgrbdyibsonnigbsfr.mipb“Ha
ossnfcdijbdabsfgjbdyodbyfhbsmfigjbyohbjmoqgboblmftibfgbdyibnaddimxbas
HofgdibR.fnnadfgi?”

“Obraajblodmfad,”bhofjbdyibadyim,b“ca.njbyomjnxbyovibuiigbzamibossnfcdij
fsbdyibOmfhdacmodbyojbjmoqgbobunogkp”

Dyixbmofhijbdyib.gcaghcfa.hbsfr.mi,blnocijbfdbagbobnfddimbdyixbyoj
uma.rydbdabdyibjaam,bogjbuigdbdabcommxbfdboqoxp

“Dyibdfzibfhbhyamd,bIvmizagji,”bhofjbdyibHlx,bfgbobqomgfgrbvafcip

“Fbkgaqbfdbqinn,”boghqimijbComdagpb“Uibcomis.nbasbzxbsmfigj,bFbigdmiod
xa.,bogjbniovibzip”

“Cazi,bdyig,bzxbcyfnjmig,”bhofjbUomhojpb“Nfsdbyfz,bogjbcaziboqox!”

Dyibjaambcnahij,bogjbComdagbqohbnisdbonagipbHdmofgfgrbyfhblaqimhbas
nfhdigfgrbdabdyib.dzahd,byibnfhdigijbsambogxbha.gjbdyodbzfrydbjigadi
h.hlfcfagbambonomzpbDyimibqohbgagipbKixhbd.mgij,bjaamhbcnohyij,
saadhdilhblohhijbonagrbjfhdogdblohhorih:bgabcmxbqohbmofhij,bamby.mmx
zoji,bdyodbhiizijb.g.h.onpbUmiodyfgrbzamibsmiinxbfgbobnfddnibqyfni,byi
hodbjaqgbodbdyibdouni,bogjbnfhdigijborofgb.gdfnbdyibcnackbhdm.ckbDqap

Ha.gjhbdyodbyibqohbgadbosmofjbas,bsambyibjfvfgijbdyifmbziogfgr,bdyig
uirogbdabuibo.jfunipbHivimonbjaamhbqimibaligijbfgbh.ccihhfag,bogj
sfgonnxbyfhbaqgpbObroanim,bqfdybobnfhdbfgbyfhbyogj,bnaakijbfg,bziminx
hoxfgr,b“Sannaqbzi,bIvmizagji!”bogjbyibsannaqijbfgdabobnomribjomkbmaaz,
odbobjfhdogcipbFdbqohbobjomkbqfgdimbjox,bogjbqyodbqfdybdyibhyojaqh
qfdyfg,bogjbqyodbqfdybdyibhyojaqhbqfdya.d,byibca.njbu.dbjfznxbjfhcimg
dyibadyimhbqyabqimibuma.rydbdyimibdabyovibdyifmbomzhbua.gjpbHazibqimi
hdogjfgr;bhazibhiodijpbHazibqimibnozigdfgr,bogjbfgbmihdnihhbzadfag;
u.d,bdyihibqimibsiqpbDyibrmiodbzo amfdxbqimibhfnigdbogjbhdfnn,bnaakfgr
sfeijnxbodbdyibrma.gjp

Ohbyibhdaajbuxbdyibqonnbfgbobjfzbcamgim,bqyfnibhazibasbdyibsfsdx-dqa
qimibuma.rydbfgbosdimbyfz,bagibzogbhdallijbfgblohhfgr,bdabizumocibyfz,
ohbyovfgrbobkgaqnijribasbyfzpbFdbdymfnnijbyfzbqfdybobrmiodbjmiojbas
jfhcavimx;bu.dbdyibzogbqigdbagpbObvimxbsiqbzazigdhbosdimbdyod,bobxa.gr
qazog,bqfdybobhnfrydbrfmnfhybsamz,bobhqiidbhlomibsocibfgbqyfcybdyimibqoh
gabvihdfribasbcana.m,bogjbnomribqfjinxbaligijblodfigdbixih,bmahibsmaz
dyibhiodbqyimibyibyojbauhimvijbyimbhfddfgr,bogjbcozibdabhliokbdabyfzp

“CfdftigbIvmizagji,”bhyibhofj,bda.cyfgrbyfzbqfdybyimbcanjbyogjpb“Fbozbo
laambnfddnibhiozhdmihh,bqyabqohbqfdybxa.bfgbNobSamcip”

Yibz.mz.mijbsamboghqim:b“Dm.ipbFbsamridbqyodbxa.bqimibocc.hijbas?”

“LnadhpbDya.rybdyib .hdbYiovigbkgaqhbdyodbFbozbfggacigdbasbogxpbFhbfd
nfkinx?bQyabqa.njbdyfgkbasblnaddfgrbqfdyboblaambnfddnibqiokbcmiod.mi
nfkibzi?”

Dyibsamnamgbhzfnibqfdybqyfcybhyibhofjbfd,bhabda.cyijbyfz,bdyodbdiomh
hdomdijbsmazbyfhbixihp

“Fbozbgadbosmofjbdabjfi,bCfdftigbIvmizagji,bu.dbFbyovibjagibgadyfgrpbF
ozbgadb.gqfnnfgrbdabjfi,bfsbdyibMil.unfcbqyfcybfhbdabjabhabz.cybraaj
dab.hblaam,bqfnnblmasfdbuxbzxbjiody;bu.dbFbjabgadbkgaqbyaqbdyodbcogbui,
CfdftigbIvmizagjipbH.cyboblaambqiokbnfddnibcmiod.mi!”

Ohbdyibnohdbdyfgrbagbiomdybdyodbyfhbyiomdbqohbdabqomzbogjbhasdigbda,bfd
qomzijbogjbhasdigijbdabdyfhblfdfounibrfmnp

“Fbyiomjbxa.bqimibminiohij,bCfdftigbIvmizagjipbFbyalijbfdbqohbdm.i?”

“FdbqohpbU.d,bFbqohborofgbdokigbogjbcagjizgijp”

“FsbFbzoxbmfjibqfdybxa.,bCfdftigbIvmizagji,bqfnnbxa.bnidbzibyanjbxa.m
yogj?bFbozbgadbosmofj,bu.dbFbozbnfddnibogjbqiok,bogjbfdbqfnnbrfvibzi
zamibca.morip”

Ohbdyiblodfigdbixihbqimibnfsdijbdabyfhbsoci,byibhoqbobh.jjigbja.udbfg
dyiz,bogjbdyigbohdagfhyzigdpbYiblmihhijbdyibqamk-qamg,by.grim-qamgbxa.gr
sfgrimh,bogjbda.cyijbyfhbnflhp

“Omibxa.bjxfgrbsambyfz?”bhyibqyfhlimijp

“OgjbyfhbqfsibogjbcyfnjpbY.hy!bXihp”

“Abxa.bqfnnbnidbzibyanjbxa.mbumovibyogj,bhdmogrim?”

“Y.hy!bXih,bzxblaambhfhdim;bdabdyibnohdp”

bbbbbbbb*****

Dyibhozibhyojaqhbdyodbomibsonnfgrbagbdyiblmfhag,bomibsonnfgr,bfgbdyod
hozibya.mbasbdyibiomnxbosdimgaag,bagbdyibUommfimbqfdybdyibcmaqjboua.d
fd,bqyigbobcaocybrafgrba.dbasbLomfhbjmfvihb.lbdabuibieozfgijp

“Qyabraihbyimi?bQyazbyovibqibqfdyfg?bLolimh!”

Dyiblolimhbomibyogjijba.d,bogjbmiojp

“OnieogjmibZogiddipbLyxhfcfogpbSmigcypbQyfcybfhbyi?”

Dyfhbfhbyi;bdyfhbyinlnihh,bfgomdfc.nodinxbz.mz.mfgr,bqogjimfgrbanjbzog
lafgdijba.dp

“OllomigdnxbdyibCfdftig-Jacdambfhbgadbfgbyfhbmfrydbzfgj?bDyi
Mivan.dfag-sivimbqfnnbyovibuiigbdaabz.cybsambyfz?”

Rmiodnxbdaabz.cybsambyfzp

“Yoy!bZogxbh.ssimbqfdybfdpbN.cfipbYfhbjo.rydimpbSmigcypbQyfcybfhbhyi?”

Dyfhbfhbhyip

“Ollomigdnxbfdbz.hdbuipbN.cfi,bdyibqfsibasbIvmizagji;bfhbfdbgad?”

Fdbfhp

“Yoy!bIvmizagjibyohbogbohhfrgodfagbinhiqyimipbN.cfi,byimbcyfnjpbIgrnfhyp
Dyfhbfhbhyi?”

Hyibogjbgabadyimp

“Kfhhbzi,bcyfnjbasbIvmizagjipbGaq,bdya.byohdbkfhhijbobraajbMil.unfcog;
hazidyfgrbgiqbfgbdyxbsozfnx;bmizizuimbfd!bHxjgixbComdagpbOjvacodip
IgrnfhypbQyfcybfhbyi?”

Yibnfihbyimi,bfgbdyfhbcamgimbasbdyibcommforipbYi,bdaa,bfhblafgdijba.dp

“OllomigdnxbdyibIgrnfhybojvacodibfhbfgbobhqaag?”

FdbfhbyalijbyibqfnnbmicavimbfgbdyibsmihyimbofmpbFdbfhbmilmihigdijbdyod
yibfhbgadbfgbhdmagrbyiondy,bogjbyohbhilomodijbhojnxbsmazbobsmfigjbqyabfh
.gjimbdyibjfhlnioh.mibasbdyibMil.unfcp

“Fhbdyodbonn?bFdbfhbgadbobrmiodbjion,bdyod!bZogxbomib.gjimbdyi
jfhlnioh.mibasbdyibMil.unfc,bogjbz.hdbnaakba.dbodbdyibnfddnibqfgjaqp
 omvfhbNammxpbUogkimpbIgrnfhypbQyfcybfhbyi?”

“FbozbyipbGicihhomfnx,buifgrbdyibnohdp”

Fdbfhb omvfhbNammxbqyabyohbmilnfijbdabonnbdyiblmivfa.hbw.ihdfaghpbFd
fhb omvfhbNammxbqyabyohbonfrydijbogjbhdogjhbqfdybyfhbyogjbagbdyibcaocy
jaam,bmilnxfgrbdabobrma.lbasbassfcfonhpbDyixbnifh.minxbqonkbma.gjbdyi
commforibogjbnifh.minxbza.gdbdyibuae,bdabnaakbodbqyodbnfddnibn.rroribfd
commfihbagbdyibmaas;bdyibca.gdmx-lialnibyogrfgrboua.d,blmihhbgiomimbda
dyibcaocybjaamhbogjbrmiijfnxbhdomibfg;bobnfddnibcyfnj,bcommfijbuxbfdh
zadyim,byohbfdhbhyamdbomzbyinjba.dbsambfd,bdyodbfdbzoxbda.cybdyibqfsibas
ogbomfhdacmodbqyabyohbragibdabdyibR.fnnadfgip

“Uiyanjbxa.mblolimh,b omvfhbNammx,bca.gdimhfrgijp”

“Agibcogbjilomd,bcfdftig?”

“AgibcogbjilomdpbSamqomj,bzxblahdfnfagh!bObraajb a.mgix!”

“Fbhon.dibxa.,bcfdftighp--Ogjbdyibsfmhdbjogrimblohhij!”

Dyihibomiborofgbdyibqamjhbasb omvfhbNammx,bohbyibcnohlhbyfhbyogjh,bogj
naakhb.lqomjpbDyimibfhbdimmambfgbdyibcommfori,bdyimibfhbqiilfgr,bdyimi
fhbdyibyiovxbumiodyfgrbasbdyibfghighfunibdmovinnimp

“Omibqibgadbrafgrbdaabhnaqnx?bCogbdyixbgadbuibfgj.cijbdabrabsohdim?”
bohkhbN.cfi,bcnfgrfgrbdabdyibanjbzogp

“Fdbqa.njbhiizbnfkibsnfryd,bzxbjomnfgrpbFbz.hdbgadb.mribdyizbdaabz.cy;
fdbqa.njbma.hibh.hlfcfagp”

“Naakbuock,bnaakbuock,bogjbhiibfsbqibomibl.mh.ij!”

“Dyibmaojbfhbcniom,bzxbjiomihdpbHabsom,bqibomibgadbl.mh.ijp”

Ya.hihbfgbdqahbogjbdymiihblohhbuxb.h,bhanfdomxbsomzh,bm.fga.hbu.fnjfgrh,
jxi-qamkh,bdoggimfih,bogjbdyibnfki,baligbca.gdmx,bovig.ihbasbniosnihh
dmiihpbDyibyomjb.givigblovizigdbfhb.gjimb.h,bdyibhasdbjiilbz.jbfhbag
ifdyimbhfjipbHazidfzih,bqibhdmfkibfgdabdyibhkfmdfgrbz.j,bdabovafjbdyi
hdagihbdyodbcnoddimb.hbogjbhyokib.h;bhazidfzih,bqibhdfckbfgbm.dhbogj
hna.ryhbdyimipbDyiboragxbasba.mbfzlodfigcibfhbdyigbhabrmiod,bdyodbfgba.m
qfnjbonomzbogjby.mmxbqibomibsambriddfgrba.dbogjbm.ggfgr--yfjfgr--jafgr
ogxdyfgrbu.dbhdallfgrp

A.dbasbdyibaligbca.gdmx,bfgborofgbozagrbm.fga.hbu.fnjfgrh,bhanfdomx
somzh,bjxi-qamkh,bdoggimfih,bogjbdyibnfki,bcaddorihbfgbdqahbogjbdymiih,
ovig.ihbasbniosnihhbdmiihpbYovibdyihibzigbjicifvijb.h,bogjbdokigb.hbuock
uxbogadyimbmaoj?bFhbgadbdyfhbdyibhoziblnocibdqfcibavim?bDyogkbYiovig,
gapbObvfnnoripbNaakbuock,bnaakbuock,bogjbhiibfsbqibomibl.mh.ij!bY.hy!
dyiblahdfgr-ya.hip

Nifh.minx,ba.mbsa.mbyamhihbomibdokigba.d;bnifh.minx,bdyibcaocybhdogjhbfg
dyibnfddnibhdmiid,buimisdbasbyamhih,bogjbqfdybgabnfkinfyaajb.lagbfd
asbivimbzavfgrborofg;bnifh.minx,bdyibgiqbyamhihbcazibfgdabvfhfuni
iefhdigci,bagibuxbagi;bnifh.minx,bdyibgiqblahdfnfaghbsannaq,bh.ckfgrbogj
lnofdfgrbdyibnohyihbasbdyifmbqyflh;bnifh.minx,bdyibanjblahdfnfaghbca.gd
dyifmbzagix,bzokibqmagrbojjfdfagh,bogjbommfvibodbjfhhodfhsfijbmih.ndhp
Onnbdyibdfzi,ba.mbavimsmo.rydbyiomdhbomibuiodfgrbodbobmodibdyodbqa.nj
somba.dhdmflbdyibsohdihdbronnalbasbdyibsohdihdbyamhihbivimbsaonijp

Odbnigrdybdyibgiqblahdfnfaghbomibfgbdyifmbhojjnih,bogjbdyibanjbomibnisd
uiyfgjpbQibomibdyma.rybdyibvfnnori,b.lbdyibyfnn,bogjbjaqgbdyibyfnn,bogj
agbdyibnaqbqodimxbrma.gjhpbH.jjignx,bdyiblahdfnfaghbiecyogribhliicybqfdy
ogfzodijbrihdfc.nodfag,bogjbdyibyamhihbomibl.nnijb.l,bonzahdbagbdyifm
yo.gcyihpbQibomibl.mh.ij?

“Ya!bQfdyfgbdyibcommforibdyimipbHliokbdyig!”

“Qyodbfhbfd?”bohkhbZmpbNammx,bnaakfgrba.dbodbqfgjaqp

“Yaqbzogxbjfjbdyixbhox?”

“Fbjabgadb.gjimhdogjbxa.p”

“--OdbdyibnohdblahdpbYaqbzogxbdabdyibR.fnnadfgibda-jox?”

“Sfsdx-dqap”

“Fbhofjbha!bObumovibg.zuim!bZxbsinnaq-cfdftigbyimibqa.njbyovibfd
samdx-dqa;bdigbzamibyiojhbomibqamdybyovfgrpbDyibR.fnnadfgibraih
yogjhazinxpbFbnavibfdpbYfbsamqomjpbQyaal!”

DyibgfrydbcazihbagbjomkpbYibzavihbzami;byibfhbuirfggfgrbdabmivfvi,bogj
dabhliokbfgdinnfrfunx;byibdyfgkhbdyixbomibhdfnnbdaridyim;byibohkhbyfz,
uxbyfhbgozi,bqyodbyibyohbfgbyfhbyogjpbAblfdxb.h,bkfgjbYiovig,bogjbyinl
.h!bNaakba.d,bnaakba.d,bogjbhiibfsbqibomibl.mh.ijp

Dyibqfgjbfhbm.hyfgrbosdimb.h,bogjbdyibcna.jhbomibsnxfgrbosdimb.h,bogj
dyibzaagbfhbln.grfgrbosdimb.h,bogjbdyibqyanibqfnjbgfrydbfhbfgbl.mh.fdbas
.h;bu.d,bhabsom,bqibomibl.mh.ijbuxbgadyfgrbinhip




EFVpbDyibKgfddfgrbJagi


Fgbdyodbhozib .gcd.mibasbdfzibqyigbdyibSfsdx-Dqaboqofdijbdyifmbsodi
ZojozibJisomribyinjbjomknxbazfga.hbca.gcfnbqfdybDyibVigriogcibogj
 ocw.ihbDymiibasbdyibMivan.dfagomxb .mxpbGadbfgbdyibqfgi-hyalbjfjbZojozi
Jisomribcagsimbqfdybdyihibzfgfhdimh,bu.dbfgbdyibhyijbasbdyibqaaj-hoqxim,
imhdbobzigjimbasbmaojhpbDyibhoqximbyfzhinsbjfjbgadblomdfcflodibfgbdyi
cagsimigci,bu.dboufjijbodbobnfddnibjfhdogci,bnfkibogba.dimbhodinnfdibqya
qohbgadbdabhliokb.gdfnbmiw.fmij,bambdabassimbogbalfgfagb.gdfnbfgvfdijp

“U.dba.mbJisomri,”bhofjb ocw.ihbDymii,b“fhb.gja.udijnxbobraaj
Mil.unfcog?bIy?”

“Dyimibfhbgabuiddim,”bdyibvan.unibVigriogciblmadihdijbfgbyimbhymfnn
gadih,b“fgbSmogcip”

“Lioci,bnfddnibVigriogci,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bnoxfgrbyimbyogjbqfdy
obhnfrydbsmaqgbagbyimbnfi.digogd'hbnflh,b“yiombzibhliokpbZxby.huogj,
sinnaq-cfdftig,bfhbobraajbMil.unfcogbogjbobuanjbzog;byibyohbjihimvij
qinnbasbdyibMil.unfc,bogjblahhihhihbfdhbcagsfjigcipbU.dbzxby.huogjbyoh
yfhbqiokgihhih,bogjbyibfhbhabqiokbohbdabminigdbdaqomjhbdyfhbJacdamp”

“Fdbfhbobrmiodblfdx,”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymii,bj.ufa.hnxbhyokfgrbyfhbyioj,
qfdybyfhbcm.inbsfgrimhbodbyfhby.grmxbza.dy;b“fdbfhbgadbw.fdibnfkibobraaj
cfdftig;bfdbfhbobdyfgrbdabmirmidp”

“Hiibxa.,”bhofjbzojozi,b“FbcomibgadyfgrbsambdyfhbJacdam,bFpbYibzoxbqiom
yfhbyiojbambnahibfd,bsambogxbfgdimihdbFbyovibfgbyfz;bfdbfhbonnbagibda
zipbU.d,bdyibIvmizagjiblialnibomibdabuibiedimzfgodij,bogjbdyibqfsibogj
cyfnjbz.hdbsannaqbdyiby.huogjbogjbsodyimp”

“Hyibyohbobsfgibyiojbsambfd,”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymiipb“Fbyovibhiigbun.i
ixihbogjbranjigbyofmbdyimi,bogjbdyixbnaakijbcyomzfgrbqyigbHozhagbyinj
dyizb.lp”bArmibdyodbyibqoh,byibhlakibnfkibogbilfc.mip

ZojozibJisomribcohdbjaqgbyimbixih,bogjbmisnicdijbobnfddnip

“Dyibcyfnjbonha,”bauhimvijb ocw.ihbDymii,bqfdybobzijfdodfvibig axzigd
asbyfhbqamjh,b“yohbranjigbyofmbogjbun.ibixihpbOgjbqibhinjazbyovibobcyfnj
dyimipbFdbfhboblmiddxbhfryd!”

“Fgbobqamj,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bcazfgrba.dbasbyimbhyamdbouhdmocdfag,
“Fbcoggadbdm.hdbzxby.huogjbfgbdyfhbzoddimpbGadbagnxbjabFbsiin,bhfgci
nohdbgfryd,bdyodbFbjomibgadbcagsfjibdabyfzbdyibjidofnhbasbzxblma icdh;
u.dbonhabFbsiinbdyodbfsbFbjinox,bdyimibfhbjogrimbasbyfhbrfvfgrbqomgfgr,
ogjbdyigbdyixbzfrydbihcolip”

“Dyodbz.hdbgivimbui,”bcmaokijb ocw.ihbDymii;b“gabagibz.hdbihcolipbQi
yovibgadbyonsbiga.rybohbfdbfhpbQiba.rydbdabyovibhfebhcamibobjoxp”

“Fgbobqamj,”bZojozibJisomribqigdbag,b“zxby.huogjbyohbgadbzxbmiohagbsam
l.mh.fgrbdyfhbsozfnxbdaboggfyfnodfag,bogjbFbyovibgadbyfhbmiohagbsam
miromjfgrbdyfhbJacdambqfdybogxbhighfufnfdxpbFbz.hdbocdbsambzxhins,
dyimisamipbCazibyfdyim,bnfddnibcfdftigp”

Dyibqaaj-hoqxim,bqyabyinjbyimbfgbdyibmihlicd,bogjbyfzhinsbfgbdyi
h.uzfhhfag,basbzamdonbsiom,bojvogcijbqfdybyfhbyogjbdabyfhbmijbcolp

“Da.cyfgrbdyahibhfrgonh,bnfddnibcfdftig,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bhdimgnx,
“dyodbhyibzojibdabdyiblmfhagimh;bxa.bomibmiojxbdabuiombqfdgihhbdabdyiz
dyfhbvimxbjox?”

“Ox,box,bqyxbgad!”bcmfijbdyibhoqximpb“Ivimxbjox,bfgbonnbqiodyimh,bsmaz
dqabdabsa.m,bonqoxhbhfrgonnfgr,bhazidfzihbqfdybdyibnfddnibagi,bhazidfzih
qfdya.dpbFbkgaqbqyodbFbkgaqpbFbyovibhiigbqfdybzxbixihp”

Yibzojibonnbzoggimbasbrihd.mihbqyfnibyibhlaki,bohbfsbfgbfgcfjigdon
fzfdodfagbasbhazibsiqbasbdyibrmiodbjfvimhfdxbasbhfrgonhbdyodbyibyoj
givimbhiigp

“Cniomnxblnadh,”bhofjb ocw.ihbDymiipb“Dmoghlomigdnx!”

“Dyimibfhbgabja.udbasbdyib .mx?”bfgw.fmijbZojozibJisomri,bniddfgrbyim
ixihbd.mgbdabyfzbqfdybobrnaazxbhzfnip

“Minxb.lagbdyiblodmfadfcb .mx,bjiombcfdftigihhpbFboghqimbsambzx
sinnaq- .mxzigp”

“Gaq,bnidbzibhii,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,blagjimfgrborofgpb“Xidbagcibzami!
CogbFbhlomibdyfhbJacdambdabzxby.huogj?bFbyovibgabsiinfgrbifdyimbqoxpbCog
Fbhlomibyfz?”

“Yibqa.njbca.gdbohbagibyioj,”bauhimvijb ocw.ihbDymii,bfgbobnaqbvafcip
“Qibmionnxbyovibgadbyiojhbiga.ry;bfdbqa.njbuiboblfdx,bFbdyfgkp”

“YibqohbhfrgonnfgrbqfdybyimbqyigbFbhoqbyim,”bomr.ijbZojozibJisomri;b“F
coggadbhliokbasbagibqfdya.dbdyibadyim;bogjbFbz.hdbgadbuibhfnigd,bogj
dm.hdbdyibcohibqyannxbdabyfz,bdyfhbnfddnibcfdftigbyimipbSam,bFbozbgadbo
uojbqfdgihhp”

DyibVigriogcibogjb ocw.ihbDymiibvfijbqfdybiocybadyimbfgbdyifmbsimvigd
lmadihdodfaghbdyodbhyibqohbdyibzahdbojzfmounibogjbzomvinna.hbas
qfdgihhihpbDyibnfddnibcfdftig,bgadbdabuiba.djagi,bjicnomijbyimbdabuibo
cinihdfonbqfdgihhp

“Yibz.hdbdokibyfhbcyogci,”bhofjbZojozibJisomripb“Ga,bFbcoggadbhlomi
yfz!bXa.bomibigrorijbodbdymiiba'cnack;bxa.bomibrafgrbdabhiibdyibuodcybas
da-joxbieic.dijp--Xa.?”

Dyibw.ihdfagbqohbojjmihhijbdabdyibqaaj-hoqxim,bqyaby.mmfijnxbmilnfijbfg
dyibossfmzodfvi:bhiftfgrbdyibaccohfagbdabojjbdyodbyibqohbdyibzahdbomjigd
asbMil.unfcogh,bogjbdyodbyibqa.njbuibfgbissicdbdyibzahdbjihanodibas
Mil.unfcogh,bfsbogxdyfgrblmivigdijbyfzbsmazbig axfgrbdyiblnioh.mibas
hzakfgrbyfhbosdimgaagblflibfgbdyibcagdizlnodfagbasbdyibjmannbgodfagon
uomuimpbYibqohbhabvimxbjizaghdmodfvibyimifg,bdyodbyibzfrydbyovibuiig
h.hlicdijb(limyolhbqoh,buxbdyibjomkbixihbdyodbnaakijbcagdizld.a.hnxbod
yfzba.dbasbZojozibJisomri'hbyioj)basbyovfgrbyfhbhzonnbfgjfvfj.onbsiomh
sambyfhbaqgblimhagonbhosidx,bivimxbya.mbfgbdyibjoxp

“F,”bhofjbzojozi,b“ozbiw.onnxbigrorijbodbdyibhoziblnocipbOsdimbfdbfh
avim--hoxbodbifrydbda-gfryd--cazibxa.bdabzi,bfgbHofgdbOgdafgi,bogjbqi
qfnnbrfvibfgsamzodfagborofghdbdyihiblialnibodbzxbHicdfagp”

Dyibqaaj-hoqximbhofjbyibqa.njbuiblma.jbogjbsnoddimijbdaboddigjbdyi
cfdftigihhpbDyibcfdftigihhbnaakfgrbodbyfz,byibuicozibizuommohhij,bivojij
yimbrnogcibohbobhzonnbjarbqa.njbyovibjagi,bmidmiodijbozagrbyfhbqaaj,bogj
yfjbyfhbcags.hfagbavimbdyibyogjnibasbyfhbhoqp

ZojozibJisomribuickagijbdyib .mxzogbogjbDyibVigriogcibobnfddnibgiomimbda
dyibjaam,bogjbdyimibiela.gjijbyimbs.mdyimbvfiqhbdabdyizbdy.h:

“Hyibqfnnbgaqbuibodbyazi,boqofdfgrbdyibzazigdbasbyfhbjiodypbHyibqfnn
uibza.mgfgrbogjbrmfivfgrpbHyibqfnnbuibfgbobhdodibasbzfgjbdabfzliocybdyi
 .hdfcibasbdyibMil.unfcpbHyibqfnnbuibs.nnbasbhxzlodyxbqfdybfdhbigizfihp
Fbqfnnbrabdabyimp”

“Qyodbogbojzfmounibqazog;bqyodbogbojamounibqazog!”biecnofzijb ocw.ih
Dymii,bmold.ma.hnxpb“Oy,bzxbcyimfhyij!”bcmfijbDyibVigriogci;bogj
izumocijbyimp

“Dokibxa.bzxbkgfddfgr,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,blnocfgrbfdbfgbyim
nfi.digogd'hbyogjh,b“ogjbyovibfdbmiojxbsambzibfgbzxb.h.onbhiodpbKiil
zibzxb.h.onbcyofmpbRabxa.bdyimi,bhdmofryd,bsambdyimibqfnnblmauounxbuibo
rmiodimbcagca.mhibdyogb.h.on,bda-joxp”

“FbqfnnfgrnxbauixbdyibamjimhbasbzxbCyfis,”bhofjbDyibVigriogcibqfdy
onocmfdx,bogjbkfhhfgrbyimbcyiikpb“Xa.bqfnnbgadbuibnodi?”

“Fbhyonnbuibdyimibuisamibdyibcazzigcizigdp”

“Ogjbuisamibdyibd.zumfnhbommfvipbUibh.mibxa.bomibdyimi,bzxbha.n,”bhofj
DyibVigriogci,bconnfgrbosdimbyim,bsambhyibyojbonmiojxbd.mgijbfgdabdyi
hdmiid,b“uisamibdyibd.zumfnhbommfvi!”

ZojozibJisomribhnfrydnxbqovijbyimbyogj,bdabfzlnxbdyodbhyibyiomj,bogj
zfrydbuibminfijb.lagbdabommfvibfgbraajbdfzi,bogjbhabqigdbdyma.rybdyi
z.j,bogjbma.gjbdyibcamgimbasbdyiblmfhagbqonnpbDyibVigriogcibogjbdyi
 .mxzog,bnaakfgrbosdimbyimbohbhyibqonkijboqox,bqimibyfrynxbollmicfodfvi
asbyimbsfgibsfr.mi,bogjbyimbh.limubzamonbigjaqzigdhp

Dyimibqimibzogxbqazigbodbdyodbdfzi,b.lagbqyazbdyibdfzibnofjbobjmiojs.nnx
jfhsfr.mfgrbyogj;bu.d,bdyimibqohbgadbagibozagrbdyizbzamibdabuibjmiojij
dyogbdyfhbm.dynihhbqazog,bgaqbdokfgrbyimbqoxbonagrbdyibhdmiidhpbAsbo
hdmagrbogjbsiomnihhbcyomocdim,basbhymiqjbhighibogjbmiojfgihh,basbrmiod
jidimzfgodfag,basbdyodbkfgjbasbuio.dxbqyfcybgadbagnxbhiizhbdabfzlomd
dabfdhblahhihhambsfmzgihhbogjbogfzahfdx,bu.dbdabhdmfkibfgdabadyimhbog
fghdfgcdfvibmicargfdfagbasbdyahibw.onfdfih;bdyibdma.unijbdfzibqa.njbyovi
yiovijbyimb.l,b.gjimbogxbcfmc.zhdogcihpbU.d,bfzu.ijbsmazbyimbcyfnjyaaj
qfdybobumaajfgrbhighibasbqmagr,bogjbogbfgvidimodibyodmijbasbobcnohh,
allamd.gfdxbyojbjivinalijbyimbfgdabobdfrmihhpbHyibqohbouhan.dinxbqfdya.d
lfdxpbFsbhyibyojbivimbyojbdyibvfmd.ibfgbyim,bfdbyojbw.fdibragiba.dbas
yimp

Fdbqohbgadyfgrbdabyim,bdyodbogbfggacigdbzogbqohbdabjfibsambdyibhfghbas
yfhbsamisodyimh;bhyibhoq,bgadbyfz,bu.dbdyizpbFdbqohbgadyfgrbdabyim,bdyod
yfhbqfsibqohbdabuibzojibobqfjaqbogjbyfhbjo.rydimbogbamlyog;bdyodbqoh
fgh.ssfcfigdbl.gfhyzigd,buico.hibdyixbqimibyimbgod.monbigizfihbogj
yimblmix,bogjbohbh.cybyojbgabmfrydbdabnfvipbDabollionbdabyim,bqohbzoji
yalinihhbuxbyimbyovfgrbgabhighibasblfdx,bivigbsambyimhinspbFsbhyibyoj
uiigbnofjbnaqbfgbdyibhdmiidh,bfgbogxbasbdyibzogxbigca.gdimhbfgbqyfcy
hyibyojbuiigbigrorij,bhyibqa.njbgadbyoviblfdfijbyimhins;bgam,bfsbhyibyoj
uiigbamjimijbdabdyiboeibda-zammaq,bqa.njbhyibyovibragibdabfdbqfdybogx
hasdimbsiinfgrbdyogbobsfimcibjihfmibdabcyogriblnocihbqfdybdyibzogbqya
higdbyimbdyimip

H.cybobyiomdbZojozibJisomribcommfijb.gjimbyimbma.rybmauipbCominihhnx
qamg,bfdbqohbobuicazfgrbmauibiga.ry,bfgbobcimdofgbqifmjbqox,bogjbyim
jomkbyofmbnaakijbmfcyb.gjimbyimbcaomhibmijbcolpbNxfgrbyfjjigbfgbyim
uahaz,bqohbobnaojijblfhdanpbNxfgrbyfjjigbodbyimbqofhd,bqohbobhyomligij
jorrimpbDy.hbocca.dmij,bogjbqonkfgrbqfdybdyibcagsfjigdbdmiojbasbh.cy
obcyomocdim,bogjbqfdybdyibh.llnibsmiijazbasbobqazogbqyabyojbyoufd.onnx
qonkijbfgbyimbrfmnyaaj,buomi-saadbogjbuomi-nirrij,bagbdyibumaqg
hio-hogj,bZojozibJisomribdaakbyimbqoxbonagrbdyibhdmiidhp

Gaq,bqyigbdyib a.mgixbasbdyibdmovinnfgrbcaocy,bodbdyodbvimxbzazigd
qofdfgrbsambdyibcazlnidfagbasbfdhbnaoj,byojbuiigblnoggijba.dbnohdbgfryd,
dyibjfssfc.ndxbasbdokfgrbZfhhbLmahhbfgbfdbyojbz.cybigrorijbZmpbNammx'h
oddigdfagpbFdbqohbgadbziminxbjihfmounibdabovafjbavimnaojfgrbdyibcaocy,
u.dbfdbqohbasbdyibyfryihdbfzlamdogcibdyodbdyibdfzibacc.lfijbfgbieozfgfgr
fdbogjbfdhblohhigrimh,bhya.njbuibmij.cijbdabdyib.dzahd;bhfgcibdyifm
ihcolibzfrydbjiligjbagbdyibhovfgrbasbagnxbobsiqbhicagjhbyimibogjbdyimip
Sfgonnx,byibyojblmalahij,bosdimbogefa.hbcaghfjimodfag,bdyodbZfhhbLmahh
ogjb immx,bqyabqimibodbnfuimdxbdabniovibdyibcfdx,bhya.njbniovibfdbod
dymiiba'cnackbfgbdyibnfrydihd-qyiinijbcagvixogcibkgaqgbdabdyodblimfajp
.gigc.zuimijbqfdybn.rrori,bdyixbqa.njbhaagbavimdokibdyibcaocy,bogj,
lohhfgrbfdbogjblmicijfgrbfdbagbdyibmaoj,bqa.njbamjimbfdhbyamhihbfg
ojvogci,bogjbrmiodnxbsocfnfdodibfdhblmarmihhbj.mfgrbdyiblmicfa.hbya.mh
asbdyibgfryd,bqyigbjinoxbqohbdyibzahdbdabuibjmiojijp

Hiifgrbfgbdyfhbommogrizigdbdyibyalibasbmigjimfgrbmionbhimvfcibfgbdyod
lmihhfgrbizimrigcx,bZfhhbLmahhbyofnijbfdbqfdyb axpbHyibogjb immxbyoj
uiyinjbdyibcaocybhdomd,byojbkgaqgbqyabfdbqohbdyodbHanazagbuma.ryd,byoj
lohhijbhazibdigbzfg.dihbfgbdamd.mihbasbh.hlighi,bogjbqimibgaqbcagcn.jfgr
dyifmbommogrizigdhbdabsannaqbdyibcaocy,bivigbohbZojozibJisomri,
dokfgrbyimbqoxbdyma.rybdyibhdmiidh,bgaqbjmiqbgiomimbogjbgiomimbdabdyi
inhi-jihimdijbnajrfgrbfgbqyfcybdyixbyinjbdyifmbcagh.ndodfagp

“Gaqbqyodbjabxa.bdyfgk,bZmpbCm.gcyim,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bqyahiborfdodfag
qohbhabrmiodbdyodbhyibca.njbyomjnxbhliok,bambhdogj,bambzavi,bambnfvi:
“qyodbjabxa.bdyfgkbasba.mbgadbhdomdfgrbsmazbdyfhbca.mdxomj?bOgadyim
commforibyovfgrbonmiojxbragibsmazbyimibda-jox,bfdbzfrydboqokig
h.hlfcfagp”

“Zxbalfgfag,bzfhh,”bmid.mgijbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“fhbohbxa.'mibmfrydpbNfkiqfhi
qadbF'nnbhdogjbuxbxa.,bmfrydbambqmagrp”

“Fbozbhabjfhdmocdijbqfdybsiombogjbyalibsamba.mblmicfa.hbcmiod.mih,”bhofj
ZfhhbLmahh,bqfnjnxbcmxfgr,b“dyodbFbozbfgcolounibasbsamzfgrbogxblnogpbOmi
_xa._bcolounibasbsamzfgrbogxblnog,bzxbjiombraajbZmpbCm.gcyim?”

“Mihlicdfg'bobs.d.mibhliomba'bnfsi,bzfhh,”bmid.mgijbZmpbCm.gcyim,b“F
yalibhapbMihlicdfg'bogxblmihigdb.hiba'bdyfhbyimibunihhijbanjbyiojba'
zfgi,bFbdyfgkbgadpbQa.njbxa.bjabzibdyibsova.m,bzfhh,bdabdokibgadfciba'
dqablmazfhihbogjbqaqhbqadbfdbfhbzxbqfhyihbs.mbdabmicamjbfgbdyfhbyimi
cmfhfh?”

“Ay,bsambrmocfa.hbhoki!”bcmfijbZfhhbLmahh,bhdfnnbqfnjnxbcmxfgr,b“micamj
dyizbodbagci,bogjbridbdyizba.dbasbdyibqox,bnfkibogbiecinnigdbzogp”

“Sfmhd,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqyabqohbonnbfgbobdmizuni,bogjbqyabhlakibqfdy
ogbohyxbogjbhanizgbvfhori,b“dyizblaambdyfgrhbqinnba.dba'bdyfh,bgivimbga
zamibqfnnbFbjabfd,bgivimbgabzami!”

“Fbozbw.fdibh.mi,bZmpbCm.gcyim,”bmid.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,b“dyodbxa.
givimbqfnnbjabfdborofg,bqyodivimbfdbfh,bogjbFbuirbxa.bgadbdabdyfgkbfd
gicihhomxbdabzigdfagbzamiblomdfc.nomnxbqyodbfdbfhp”

“Ga,bzfhh,”bmid.mgijb immx,b“fdbhyonnbgadbuibgozijbdabxa.pbHicagj:bdyiz
laambdyfgrhbqinnba.dba'bdyfh,bogjbgivimbgabzamibqfnnbFbfgdimsimibqfdy
ZmhpbCm.gcyim'hbsnallfgr,bgivimbgabzami!”

“Qyodivimbya.hikiilfgrbommogrizigdbdyodbzoxbui,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,
hdmfvfgrbdabjmxbyimbixihbogjbcazlahibyimhins,b“Fbyovibgabja.udbfd
fhbuihdbdyodbZmhpbCm.gcyimbhya.njbyovibfdbigdfminxb.gjimbyimbaqg
h.limfgdigjigcip--Abzxblaambjomnfgrh!”

“Fbrabhabsombohbdabhox,bzfhh,bzamiavim,”blmaciijijbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybo
zahdbonomzfgrbdigjigcxbdabyanjbsamdybohbsmazbobl.nlfd--“ogjbnidbzxbqamjh
uibdaakbjaqgbogjbdaakbdabZmhpbCm.gcyimbdyma.rybxa.mhins--dyodbqadbzx
alfgfaghbmihlicdfg'bsnallfgrbyohb.gjimragibobcyogri,bogjbdyodbqadbFbagnx
yalibqfdybonnbzxbyiomdbohbZmhpbCm.gcyimbzoxbuibobsnallfgrbodbdyiblmihigd
dfzip”

“Dyimi,bdyimi,bdyimi!bFbyalibhyibfh,bzxbjiombzog,”bcmfijbdyibjfhdmocdij
ZfhhbLmahh,b“ogjbFbyalibhyibsfgjhbfdboghqimfgrbyimbielicdodfaghp”

“Samufjbfd,”blmaciijijbZmpbCm.gcyim,bqfdybojjfdfagonbhanizgfdx,
ojjfdfagonbhnaqgihh,bogjbojjfdfagonbdigjigcxbdabyanjbsamdybogjbyanj
a.d,b“ohbogxdyfgrbqadbFbyovibivimbhofjbambjagibhya.njbuibqfhfdijbagbzx
iomgihdbqfhyihbsambdyizblaambcmiid.mhbgaq!bSamufjbfdbohbqibhya.njg'dbonn
snalb(fsbfdbqohbogxqoxhbcagqigfigd)bdabridb'izba.dba'bdyfhbyimibjfhzon
mfhk!bSamufjbfd,bzfhh!bQadbFbhox,bsam-_ufj_bfd!”bDyfhbqohbZmpbCm.gcyim'h
cagcn.hfagbosdimboblmadmocdijbu.dbvofgbigjiova.mbdabsfgjbobuiddimbagip

OgjbhdfnnbZojozibJisomri,bl.mh.fgrbyimbqoxbonagrbdyibhdmiidh,bcozi
giomimbogjbgiomimp

“Fsbqibivimbridbuockbdaba.mbgodfvibnogj,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“xa.bzoxbminx
.lagbzxbdinnfgrbZmhpbCm.gcyimbohbz.cybohbFbzoxbuibounibdabmizizuimbogj
.gjimhdogjbasbqyodbxa.byovibhabfzlmihhfvinxbhofj;bogjbodbonnbivigdh
xa.bzoxbuibh.mibdyodbFbhyonnbuiombqfdgihhbdabxa.mbuifgrbdyama.rynxbfg
iomgihdbodbdyfhbjmiojs.nbdfzipbGaq,blmoxbnidb.hbdyfgk!bZxbihdiizijbZmp
Cm.gcyim,bnidb.hbdyfgk!”

Hdfnn,bZojozibJisomri,bl.mh.fgrbyimbqoxbonagrbdyibhdmiidh,bcozibgiomim
ogjbgiomimp

“Fsbxa.bqimibdabrabuisami,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“ogjbhdalbdyibviyfcnibogj
yamhihbsmazbcazfgrbyimi,bogjbqimibdabqofdbhaziqyimibsambzi;bqa.njg'd
dyodbuibuihd?”

ZmpbCm.gcyimbdya.rydbfdbzfrydbuibuihdp

“Qyimibca.njbxa.bqofdbsambzi?”bohkijbZfhhbLmahhp

ZmpbCm.gcyimbqohbhabuiqfnjimijbdyodbyibca.njbdyfgkbasbgabnaconfdxbu.d
DizlnibUompbOnoh!bDizlnibUombqohby.gjmijhbasbzfnihboqox,bogjbZojozi
Jisomribqohbjmoqfgrbvimxbgiombfgjiijp

“Uxbdyibcodyijmonbjaam,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhpb“Qa.njbfdbuibz.cyba.dbas
dyibqox,bdabdokibzibfg,bgiombdyibrmiodbcodyijmonbjaambuidqiigbdyibdqa
daqimh?”

“Ga,bzfhh,”boghqimijbZmpbCm.gcyimp

“Dyig,bnfkibdyibuihdbasbzig,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“rabdabdyiblahdfgr-ya.hi
hdmofryd,bogjbzokibdyodbcyogrip”

“Fbozbja.uds.n,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,byihfdodfgrbogjbhyokfgrbyfhbyioj,
“oua.dbniovfgrbasbxa.,bxa.bhiipbQibjag'dbkgaqbqyodbzoxbyolligp”

“Yiovigbkgaqhbqibjag'd,”bmid.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,b“u.dbyovibgabsiombsambzip
Dokibzibfgbodbdyibcodyijmon,bodbDymiiba'Cnack,bambohbgiombfdbohbxa.bcog,
ogjbFbozbh.mibfdbqfnnbuibuiddimbdyogba.mbrafgrbsmazbyimipbFbsiinbcimdofg
asbfdpbDyimi!bUnihhbxa.,bZmpbCm.gcyim!bDyfgk-gadbasbzi,bu.dbasbdyibnfvih
dyodbzoxbjiligjbagbuadybasb.h!”

Dyfhbieamjf.z,bogjbZfhhbLmahh'hbdqabyogjhbfgbw.fdiboragfhijbigdmiodx
cnohlfgrbyfh,bjicfjijbZmpbCm.gcyimpbQfdybogbigca.morfgrbgajbambdqa,byi
fzzijfodinxbqigdba.dbdabondimbdyibommogrizigdh,bogjbnisdbyimbuxbyimhins
dabsannaqbohbhyibyojblmalahijp

Dyibyovfgrbamfrfgodijboblmico.dfagbqyfcybqohbonmiojxbfgbca.mhibas
ieic.dfag,bqohbobrmiodbminfisbdabZfhhbLmahhpbDyibgicihhfdxbasbcazlahfgr
yimbolliomogcibhabdyodbfdbhya.njboddmocdbgabhlicfonbgadfcibfgbdyi
hdmiidh,bqohbogadyimbminfispbHyibnaakijbodbyimbqodcy,bogjbfdbqohbdqigdx
zfg.dihblohdbdqapbHyibyojbgabdfzibdabnahi,bu.dbz.hdbridbmiojxbodbagcip

Osmofj,bfgbyimbiedmiziblimd.muodfag,basbdyibnaginfgihhbasbdyibjihimdij
maazh,bogjbasbyons-fzorfgijbsocihbliilfgrbsmazbuiyfgjbivimxbaligbjaam
fgbdyiz,bZfhhbLmahhbradbobuohfgbasbcanjbqodimbogjbuirogbnovfgrbyimbixih,
qyfcybqimibhqannigbogjbmijpbYo.gdijbuxbyimbsivimfhybollmiyighfagh,bhyi
ca.njbgadbuiombdabyovibyimbhfrydbauhc.mijbsambobzfg.dibodbobdfzibuxbdyi
jmfllfgrbqodim,bu.dbcaghdogdnxblo.hijbogjbnaakijbma.gjbdabhiibdyodbdyimi
qohbgabagibqodcyfgrbyimpbFgbagibasbdyahiblo.hihbhyibmicafnijbogjbcmfij
a.d,bsambhyibhoqbobsfr.mibhdogjfgrbfgbdyibmaazp

Dyibuohfgbsinnbdabdyibrma.gjbumakig,bogjbdyibqodimbsnaqijbdabdyibsiidbas
ZojozibJisomripbUxbhdmogribhdimgbqoxh,bogjbdyma.rybz.cybhdofgfgrbunaaj,
dyahibsiidbyojbcazibdabziidbdyodbqodimp

ZojozibJisomribnaakijbcanjnxbodbyim,bogjbhofj,b“DyibqfsibasbIvmizagji;
qyimibfhbhyi?”

Fdbsnohyijb.lagbZfhhbLmahh'hbzfgjbdyodbdyibjaamhbqimibonnbhdogjfgrbalig,
ogjbqa.njbh.rrihdbdyibsnfrydpbYimbsfmhdbocdbqohbdabhy.dbdyizpbDyimibqimi
sa.mbfgbdyibmaaz,bogjbhyibhy.dbdyizbonnpbHyibdyigblnocijbyimhinsbuisami
dyibjaambasbdyibcyozuimbqyfcybN.cfibyojbacc.lfijp

ZojozibJisomri'hbjomkbixihbsannaqijbyimbdyma.rybdyfhbmolfjbzavizigd,
ogjbmihdijbagbyimbqyigbfdbqohbsfgfhyijpbZfhhbLmahhbyojbgadyfgrbuio.dfs.n
oua.dbyim;bxiomhbyojbgadbdozijbdyibqfnjgihh,bambhasdigijbdyibrmfzgihh,
asbyimbolliomogci;bu.d,bhyibdaabqohbobjidimzfgijbqazogbfgbyimbjfssimigd
qox,bogjbhyibzioh.mijbZojozibJisomribqfdybyimbixih,bivimxbfgcyp

“Xa.bzfryd,bsmazbxa.mbolliomogci,buibdyibqfsibasbN.cfsim,”bhofjbZfhh
Lmahh,bfgbyimbumiodyfgrpb“Givimdyinihh,bxa.bhyonnbgadbridbdyibuiddimbas
zipbFbozbogbIgrnfhyqazogp”

ZojozibJisomribnaakijbodbyimbhcamgs.nnx,bu.dbhdfnnbqfdybhazidyfgrbas
ZfhhbLmahh'hbaqgblimcildfagbdyodbdyixbdqabqimibodbuoxpbHyibhoqbobdfryd,
yomj,bqfmxbqazogbuisamibyim,bohbZmpbNammxbyojbhiigbfgbdyibhozibsfr.mibo
qazogbqfdybobhdmagrbyogj,bfgbdyibxiomhbragibuxpbHyibkgiqbs.nnbqinnbdyod
ZfhhbLmahhbqohbdyibsozfnx'hbjivadijbsmfigj;bZfhhbLmahhbkgiqbs.nnbqinn
dyodbZojozibJisomribqohbdyibsozfnx'hbzonivanigdbigizxp

“Agbzxbqoxbxagjim,”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bqfdybobhnfrydbzavizigdbas
yimbyogjbdaqomjhbdyibsodonbhlad,b“qyimibdyixbmihimvibzxbcyofmbogjbzx
kgfddfgrbsambzi,bFbozbcazibdabzokibzxbcazlnfzigdhbdabyimbfgblohhfgrpbF
qfhybdabhiibyimp”

“Fbkgaqbdyodbxa.mbfgdigdfaghbomibivfn,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“ogjbxa.bzox
jiligjb.lagbfd,bF'nnbyanjbzxbaqgborofghdbdyizp”

Iocybhlakibfgbyimbaqgbnogr.ori;bgifdyimb.gjimhdaajbdyibadyim'hbqamjh;
uadybqimibvimxbqodcys.n,bogjbfgdigdbdabjij.cibsmazbnaakbogjbzoggim,bqyod
dyib.gfgdinnfrfunibqamjhbziogdp

“Fdbqfnnbjabyimbgabraajbdabkiilbyimhinsbcagcionijbsmazbzibodbdyfh
zazigd,”bhofjbZojozibJisomripb“Raajblodmfadhbqfnnbkgaqbqyodbdyodbzioghp
NidbzibhiibyimpbRabdinnbyimbdyodbFbqfhybdabhiibyimpbJabxa.byiom?”

“Fsbdyahibixihbasbxa.mhbqimibuij-qfgcyih,”bmid.mgijbZfhhbLmahh,b“ogjbF
qohbogbIgrnfhybsa.m-lahdim,bdyixbhya.njg'dbnaahibobhlnfgdimbasbzipbGa,
xa.bqfckijbsamifrgbqazog;bFbozbxa.mbzodcyp”

ZojozibJisomribqohbgadbnfkinxbdabsannaqbdyihibfjfazodfcbmizomkhbfg
jidofn;bu.d,bhyibhabsomb.gjimhdaajbdyizbohbdablimcifvibdyodbhyibqohbhid
odbgo.rydp

“Qazogbfzuicfnibogjblfr-nfki!”bhofjbZojozibJisomri,bsmaqgfgrpb“Fbdokibga
oghqimbsmazbxa.pbFbjizogjbdabhiibyimpbIfdyimbdinnbyimbdyodbFbjizogj
dabhiibyim,bambhdogjba.dbasbdyibqoxbasbdyibjaambogjbnidbzibrabdabyim!”
bDyfh,bqfdybogbogrmxbielnogodamxbqovibasbyimbmfrydbomzp

“Fbnfddnibdya.ryd,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“dyodbFbhya.njbivimbqogdbda
.gjimhdogjbxa.mbgaghighfconbnogr.ori;bu.dbFbqa.njbrfvibonnbFbyovi,
iecildbdyibcnadyihbFbqiom,bdabkgaqbqyidyimbxa.bh.hlicdbdyibdm.dy,bambogx
lomdbasbfdp”

Gifdyimbasbdyizbsambobhfgrnibzazigdbminiohijbdyibadyim'hbixihpbZojozi
JisomribyojbgadbzavijbsmazbdyibhladbqyimibhyibhdaajbqyigbZfhhbLmahh
sfmhdbuicoziboqomibasbyim;bu.d,bhyibgaqbojvogcijbagibhdilp

“FbozbobUmfdag,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“FbozbjihlimodipbFbjag'dbcomibog
IgrnfhybDqaligcibsambzxhinspbFbkgaqbdyodbdyibnagrimbFbkiilbxa.byimi,bdyi
rmiodimbyalibdyimibfhbsambzxbNojxufmjpbF'nnbgadbniovibobyogjs.nbasbdyod
jomkbyofmb.lagbxa.mbyioj,bfsbxa.bnoxbobsfgrimbagbzi!”

Dy.hbZfhhbLmahh,bqfdybobhyokibasbyimbyiojbogjbobsnohybasbyimbixih
uidqiigbivimxbmolfjbhigdigci,bogjbivimxbmolfjbhigdigcibobqyanibumiodyp
Dy.hbZfhhbLmahh,bqyabyojbgivimbhdm.ckbobunaqbfgbyimbnfsip

U.d,byimbca.moribqohbasbdyodbizadfagonbgod.mibdyodbfdbuma.rydbdyi
fmmilmihhfunibdiomhbfgdabyimbixihpbDyfhbqohbobca.moribdyodbZojozi
Jisomribhabnfddnibcazlmiyigjijbohbdabzfhdokibsambqiokgihhpb“Yo,byo!”bhyi
no.ryij,b“xa.blaambqmidcy!bQyodbomibxa.bqamdy!bFbojjmihhbzxhinsbdabdyod
Jacdamp”bDyigbhyibmofhijbyimbvafcibogjbconnijba.d,b“CfdftigbJacdam!bQfsi
asbIvmizagji!bCyfnjbasbIvmizagji!bOgxblimhagbu.dbdyfhbzfhimounibsaan,
oghqimbdyibCfdftigihhbJisomri!”

Limyolhbdyibsannaqfgrbhfnigci,blimyolhbhazibnodigdbjfhcnah.mibfgbdyi
ielmihhfagbasbZfhhbLmahh'hbsoci,blimyolhbobh.jjigbzfhrfvfgrbolomdbsmaz
ifdyimbh.rrihdfag,bqyfhlimijbdabZojozibJisomribdyodbdyixbqimibragip
Dymiibasbdyibjaamhbhyibaligijbhqfsdnx,bogjbnaakijbfgp

“Dyahibmaazhbomibonnbfgbjfhamjim,bdyimibyohbuiigby.mmfijblockfgr,bdyimi
omibajjhbogjbigjhb.lagbdyibrma.gjpbDyimibfhbgabagibfgbdyodbmaazbuiyfgj
xa.!bNidbzibnaakp”

“Givim!”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bqyab.gjimhdaajbdyibmiw.ihdbohblimsicdnxboh
ZojozibJisomrib.gjimhdaajbdyiboghqimp

“Fsbdyixbomibgadbfgbdyodbmaaz,bdyixbomibragi,bogjbcogbuibl.mh.ijbogj
uma.rydbuock,”bhofjbZojozibJisomribdabyimhinsp

“Ohbnagrbohbxa.bjag'dbkgaqbqyidyimbdyixbomibfgbdyodbmaazbambgad,bxa.bomi
.gcimdofgbqyodbdabja,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhbdabyimhins;b“ogjbxa.bhyonnbgad
kgaqbdyod,bfsbFbcogblmivigdbxa.mbkgaqfgrbfd;bogjbkgaqbdyod,bambgadbkgaq
dyod,bxa.bhyonnbgadbniovibyimibqyfnibFbcogbyanjbxa.p”

“Fbyovibuiigbfgbdyibhdmiidhbsmazbdyibsfmhd,bgadyfgrbyohbhdallijbzi,
Fbqfnnbdiombxa.bdablficih,bu.dbFbqfnnbyovibxa.bsmazbdyodbjaam,”bhofj
ZojozibJisomrip

“Qibomibonagibodbdyibdalbasbobyfrybya.hibfgbobhanfdomxbca.mdxomj,bqibomi
gadbnfkinxbdabuibyiomj,bogjbFblmoxbsambuajfnxbhdmigrdybdabkiilbxa.byimi,
qyfnibivimxbzfg.dibxa.bomibyimibfhbqamdyboby.gjmijbdya.hogjbr.fgiohbda
zxbjomnfgr,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhp

ZojozibJisomribzojibodbdyibjaampbZfhhbLmahh,bagbdyibfghdfgcdbasbdyi
zazigd,bhiftijbyimbma.gjbdyibqofhdbfgbuadybyimbomzh,bogjbyinjbyimbdfrydp
FdbqohbfgbvofgbsambZojozibJisomribdabhdm.rrnibogjbdabhdmfki;bZfhhbLmahh,
qfdybdyibvframa.hbdigocfdxbasbnavi,bonqoxhbhabz.cybhdmagrimbdyogbyodi,
cnohlijbyimbdfryd,bogjbivigbnfsdijbyimbsmazbdyibsnaambfgbdyibhdm.rrni
dyodbdyixbyojpbDyibdqabyogjhbasbZojozibJisomribu.ssidijbogjbdamibyim
soci;bu.d,bZfhhbLmahh,bqfdybyimbyiojbjaqg,byinjbyimbma.gjbdyibqofhd,bogj
cn.grbdabyimbqfdybzamibdyogbdyibyanjbasbobjmaqgfgrbqazogp

Haag,bZojozibJisomri'hbyogjhbciohijbdabhdmfki,bogjbsindbodbyimbigcfmcnij
qofhdpb“Fdbfhb.gjimbzxbomz,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bfgbhzadyimijbdagih,b“xa.
hyonnbgadbjmoqbfdpbFbozbhdmagrimbdyogbxa.,bFbunihhbYiovigbsambfdpbFbyanj
xa.bdfnnbagibambadyimbasb.hbsofgdhbambjfih!”

ZojozibJisomri'hbyogjhbqimibodbyimbuahazpbZfhhbLmahhbnaakijb.l,bhoq
qyodbfdbqoh,bhdm.ckbodbfd,bhdm.ckba.dbobsnohybogjbobcmohy,bogjbhdaaj
onagi--unfgjijbqfdybhzakip

OnnbdyfhbqohbfgbobhicagjpbOhbdyibhzakibcniomij,bniovfgrbogboqs.n
hdfnngihh,bfdblohhijba.dbagbdyibofm,bnfkibdyibha.nbasbdyibs.mfa.hbqazog
qyahibuajxbnoxbnfsinihhbagbdyibrma.gjp

Fgbdyibsfmhdbsmfrydbogjbyammambasbyimbhfd.odfag,bZfhhbLmahhblohhijbdyi
uajxbohbsombsmazbfdbohbhyibca.nj,bogjbmogbjaqgbdyibhdofmhbdabconnbsam
sm.fdnihhbyinlpbYollfnx,bhyibuidya.rydbyimhinsbasbdyibcaghiw.igcihbas
qyodbhyibjfj,bfgbdfzibdabcyickbyimhinsbogjbrabuockpbFdbqohbjmiojs.nbda
rabfgbodbdyibjaamborofg;bu.d,bhyibjfjbrabfg,bogjbivigbqigdbgiombfd,bda
ridbdyibuaggidbogjbadyimbdyfgrhbdyodbhyibz.hdbqiompbDyihibhyibl.dbag,
a.dbagbdyibhdofmcohi,bsfmhdbhy.ddfgrbogjbnackfgrbdyibjaambogjbdokfgr
oqoxbdyibkixpbHyibdyigbhodbjaqgbagbdyibhdofmhbobsiqbzazigdhbdabumiodyi
ogjbdabcmx,bogjbdyigbradb.lbogjby.mmfijboqoxp

Uxbraajbsamd.gibhyibyojbobvifnbagbyimbuaggid,bambhyibca.njbyomjnxbyovi
ragibonagrbdyibhdmiidhbqfdya.dbuifgrbhdallijpbUxbraajbsamd.gi,bdaa,bhyi
qohbgod.monnxbhablic.nfombfgbolliomogcibohbgadbdabhyaqbjfhsfr.mizigd
nfkibogxbadyimbqazogpbHyibgiijijbuadybojvogdorih,bsambdyibzomkhbas
rmfllfgrbsfgrimhbqimibjiilbfgbyimbsoci,bogjbyimbyofmbqohbdamg,bogjbyim
jmihhb(yohdfnxbcazlahijbqfdyb.ghdiojxbyogjh)bqohbcn.dcyijbogjbjmorrijbo
y.gjmijbqoxhp

Fgbcmahhfgrbdyibumfjri,bhyibjmallijbdyibjaambkixbfgbdyibmfvimpbOmmfvfgr
odbdyibcodyijmonbhazibsiqbzfg.dihbuisamibyimbihcamd,bogjbqofdfgrbdyimi,
hyibdya.ryd,bqyodbfsbdyibkixbqimibonmiojxbdokigbfgbobgid,bqyodbfs
fdbqimibfjigdfsfij,bqyodbfsbdyibjaambqimibaligijbogjbdyibmizofgh
jfhcavimij,bqyodbfsbhyibqimibhdallijbodbdyibrodi,bhigdbdablmfhag,bogj
cyomrijbqfdybz.mjim!bFgbdyibzfjhdbasbdyihibsn.ddimfgrbdya.rydh,bdyi
ihcamdbolliomij,bdaakbyimbfg,bogjbdaakbyimboqoxp

“Fhbdyimibogxbgafhibfgbdyibhdmiidh?”bhyibohkijbyfzp

“Dyib.h.onbgafhih,”bZmpbCm.gcyimbmilnfij;bogjbnaakijbh.mlmfhijbuxbdyi
w.ihdfagbogjbuxbyimbohlicdp

“Fbjag'dbyiombxa.,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahhpb“Qyodbjabxa.bhox?”

FdbqohbfgbvofgbsambZmpbCm.gcyimbdabmiliodbqyodbyibhofj;bZfhhbLmahhbca.nj
gadbyiombyfzpb“HabF'nnbgajbzxbyioj,”bdya.rydbZmpbCm.gcyim,bozotij,b“od
onnbivigdhbhyi'nnbhiibdyodp”bOgjbhyibjfjp

“Fhbdyimibogxbgafhibfgbdyibhdmiidhbgaq?”bohkijbZfhhbLmahhborofg,
lmihigdnxp

OrofgbZmpbCm.gcyimbgajjijbyfhbyiojp

“Fbjag'dbyiombfdp”

“Ragibjiosbfgbogbya.m?”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bm.zfgodfgr,bqfdybyfhbzfgj
z.cybjfhd.muij;b“qad'hbcazibdabyim?”

“Fbsiin,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,b“ohbfsbdyimibyojbuiigbobsnohybogjbobcmohy,
ogjbdyodbcmohybqohbdyibnohdbdyfgrbFbhya.njbivimbyiombfgbdyfhbnfsip”

“Unihdbfsbhyibofg'dbfgbobw.iimbcagjfdfag!”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,bzamibogj
zamibjfhd.muijpb“Qadbcogbhyibyovibuiigbobdokfg',bdabkiilbyimbca.morib.l?
Yomk!bDyimi'hbdyibmannbasbdyizbjmiojs.nbcomdh!bXa.bcogbyiombdyod,bzfhh?”

“Fbcogbyiom,”bhofjbZfhhbLmahh,bhiifgrbdyodbyibhlakibdabyim,b“gadyfgrpbA,
zxbraajbzog,bdyimibqohbsfmhdbobrmiodbcmohy,bogjbdyigbobrmiodbhdfnngihh,
ogjbdyodbhdfnngihhbhiizhbdabuibsfeijbogjb.gcyogriouni,bgivimbdabui
umakigbogxbzamibohbnagrbohbzxbnfsibnohdhp”

“Fsbhyibjag'dbyiombdyibmannbasbdyahibjmiojs.nbcomdh,bgaqbvimxbgfrybdyifm
 a.mgix'hbigj,”bhofjbZmpbCm.gcyim,brnogcfgrbavimbyfhbhya.njim,b“fd'hbzx
alfgfagbdyodbfgjiijbhyibgivimbqfnnbyiombogxdyfgrbinhibfgbdyfhbqamnjp”

Ogjbfgjiijbhyibgivimbjfjp




EVpbDyibSaadhdilhbJfibA.dbSambIvim


OnagrbdyibLomfhbhdmiidh,bdyibjiody-comdhbm.zuni,byannaqbogjbyomhypbHfe
d.zumfnhbcommxbdyibjox'hbqfgibdabNobR.fnnadfgipbOnnbdyibjiva.mfgrbogj
fghodfodibZaghdimhbfzorfgijbhfgcibfzorfgodfagbca.njbmicamjbfdhins,
omibs.hijbfgbdyibagibmionfhodfag,bR.fnnadfgipbOgjbxidbdyimibfhbgadbfg
Smogci,bqfdybfdhbmfcybvomfidxbasbhafnbogjbcnfzodi,bobunoji,bobnios,
obmaad,bobhlmfr,boblillimcamg,bqyfcybqfnnbrmaqbdabzod.mfdxb.gjim
cagjfdfaghbzamibcimdofgbdyogbdyahibdyodbyoviblmaj.cijbdyfhbyammampbCm.hy
y.zogfdxba.dbasbhyolibagcibzami,b.gjimbhfzfnombyozzimh,bogjbfdbqfnn
dqfhdbfdhinsbfgdabdyibhozibdamd.mijbsamzhpbHaqbdyibhozibhiijbas
molocfa.hbnfcighibogjballmihhfagbavimborofg,bogjbfdbqfnnbh.minxbxfinj
dyibhozibsm.fdboccamjfgrbdabfdhbkfgjp

Hfebd.zumfnhbmannbonagrbdyibhdmiidhpbCyogribdyihibuockborofgbdabqyod
dyixbqimi,bdya.blaqims.nbigcyogdim,bDfzi,bogjbdyixbhyonnbuibhiigbdabui
dyibcommforihbasbouhan.dibzagomcyh,bdyibiw.florihbasbsi.jonbgaunih,bdyi
dafniddihbasbsnomfgrb itiuinh,bdyibcy.mcyihbdyodbomibgadbzxbsodyim'h
ya.hibu.dbjighbasbdyfivih,bdyiby.dhbasbzfnnfaghbasbhdomvfgrbliohogdh!
Ga;bdyibrmiodbzorfcfogbqyabzo ihdfconnxbqamkhba.dbdyibollafgdijbamjim
asbdyibCmiodam,bgivimbmivimhihbyfhbdmoghsamzodfaghpb“Fsbdya.buibcyogrij
fgdabdyfhbhyolibuxbdyibqfnnbasbRaj,”bhoxbdyibhiimhbdabdyibigcyogdij,bfg
dyibqfhibOmoufogbhdamfih,b“dyigbmizofgbha!bU.d,bfsbdya.bqiombdyfh
samzbdyma.rybzimiblohhfgrbcag .modfag,bdyigbmih.zibdyxbsamzimbohlicd!”
bCyogrinihhbogjbyalinihh,bdyibd.zumfnhbmannbonagrp

Ohbdyibhazumibqyiinhbasbdyibhfebcomdhbrabma.gj,bdyixbhiizbdablna.ryb.l
obnagrbcmaakijbs.mmaqbozagrbdyiblal.nocibfgbdyibhdmiidhpbMfjrihbasbsocih
omibdymaqgbdabdyfhbhfjibogjbdabdyod,bogjbdyiblna.ryhbrabhdiojfnxbagqomjp
Hab.hijbomibdyibmir.nombfgyoufdogdhbasbdyibya.hihbdabdyibhlicdocni,bdyod
fgbzogxbqfgjaqhbdyimibomibgablialni,bogjbfgbhazibdyibacc.lodfagbasbdyi
yogjhbfhbgadbhabz.cybohbh.hligjij,bqyfnibdyibixihbh.mvixbdyibsocihbfg
dyibd.zumfnhpbYimibogjbdyimi,bdyibfgzodibyohbvfhfdamhbdabhiibdyibhfryd;
dyigbyiblafgdhbyfhbsfgrim,bqfdybhazidyfgrbasbdyibcazlnocigcxbasbo
c.modambambo.dyamfhijbielagigd,bdabdyfhbcomdbogjbdabdyfh,bogjbhiizhbda
dinnbqyabhodbyimibxihdimjox,bogjbqyabdyimibdyibjoxbuisamip

Asbdyibmfjimhbfgbdyibd.zumfnh,bhazibauhimvibdyihibdyfgrh,bogjbonn
dyfgrhbagbdyifmbnohdbmaojhfji,bqfdybogbfzlohhfvibhdomi;badyimh,bqfdy
obnfgrimfgrbfgdimihdbfgbdyibqoxhbasbnfsibogjbzigpbHazi,bhiodijbqfdy
jmaalfgrbyiojh,bomibh.gkbfgbhfnigdbjihlofm;borofg,bdyimibomibhazibha
yiijs.nbasbdyifmbnaakhbdyodbdyixbcohdb.lagbdyibz.ndfd.jibh.cybrnogcihboh
dyixbyovibhiigbfgbdyiodmih,bogjbfgblfcd.mihpbHivimonbcnahibdyifmbixih,
ogjbdyfgk,bambdmxbdabridbdyifmbhdmoxfgrbdya.rydhbdaridyimpbAgnxbagi,bogj
yibobzfhimounibcmiod.mi,basbobcmotijbohlicd,bfhbhabhyoddimijbogjbzoji
jm.gkbuxbyammam,bdyodbyibhfgrh,bogjbdmfihbdabjogcipbGadbagibasbdyibqyani
g.zuimbollionhbuxbnaakbambrihd.mi,bdabdyiblfdxbasbdyiblialnip

Dyimibfhbobr.omjbasbh.gjmxbyamhizigbmfjfgrboumiohdbasbdyibd.zumfnh,
ogjbsocihbomibasdigbd.mgijb.lbdabhazibasbdyiz,bogjbdyixbomibohkijbhazi
w.ihdfagpbFdbqa.njbhiizbdabuibonqoxhbdyibhozibw.ihdfag,bsam,bfdbfh
onqoxhbsannaqijbuxboblmihhbasblialnibdaqomjhbdyibdyfmjbcomdpbDyi
yamhizigboumiohdbasbdyodbcomd,bsmiw.igdnxblafgdba.dbagibzogbfgbfdbqfdy
dyifmbhqamjhpbDyibniojfgrbc.mfahfdxbfh,bdabkgaqbqyfcybfhbyi;byibhdogjh
odbdyibuockbasbdyibd.zumfnbqfdybyfhbyiojbuigdbjaqg,bdabcagvimhibqfdybo
zimibrfmnbqyabhfdhbagbdyibhfjibasbdyibcomd,bogjbyanjhbyfhbyogjpbYibyoh
gabc.mfahfdxbambcomibsambdyibhcigiboua.dbyfz,bogjbonqoxhbhliokhbdabdyi
rfmnpbYimibogjbdyimibfgbdyibnagrbhdmiidbasbHdpbYagami,bcmfihbomibmofhij
orofghdbyfzpbFsbdyixbzavibyfzbodbonn,bfdbfhbagnxbdabobw.fidbhzfni,bohbyi
hyokihbyfhbyofmbobnfddnibzamibnaahinxboua.dbyfhbsocipbYibcoggadbiohfnx
da.cybyfhbsoci,byfhbomzhbuifgrbua.gjp

Agbdyibhdilhbasbobcy.mcy,boqofdfgrbdyibcazfgr-.lbasbdyibd.zumfnh,bhdogjh
dyibHlxbogjblmfhag-hyiilpbYibnaakhbfgdabdyibsfmhdbasbdyiz:bgadbdyimip
Yibnaakhbfgdabdyibhicagj:bgadbdyimipbYibonmiojxbohkhbyfzhins,b“Yohbyi
hocmfsfcijbzi?”bqyigbyfhbsocibcniomh,bohbyibnaakhbfgdabdyibdyfmjp

“QyfcybfhbIvmizagji?”bhoxhbobzogbuiyfgjbyfzp

“DyodpbOdbdyibuockbdyimip”

“Qfdybyfhbyogjbfgbdyibrfmn'h?”

“Xihp”

Dyibzogbcmfih,b“Jaqg,bIvmizagji!bDabdyibR.fnnadfgibonnbomfhdacmodh!
Jaqg,bIvmizagji!”

“Y.hy,by.hy!”bdyibHlxbigdmiodhbyfz,bdfzfjnxp

“Ogjbqyxbgad,bcfdftig?”

“Yibfhbrafgrbdabloxbdyibsamsifd:bfdbqfnnbuiblofjbfgbsfvibzfg.dihbzamip
Nidbyfzbuibodbliocip”

U.dbdyibzogbcagdfg.fgrbdabiecnofz,b“Jaqg,bIvmizagji!”bdyibsocibas
Ivmizagjibfhbsambobzazigdbd.mgijbdaqomjhbyfzpbIvmizagjibdyigbhiihbdyi
Hlx,bogjbnaakhboddigdfvinxbodbyfz,bogjbraihbyfhbqoxp

Dyibcnackhbomibagbdyibhdmakibasbdymii,bogjbdyibs.mmaqblna.ryijbozagrbdyi
lal.nocibfhbd.mgfgrbma.gj,bdabcazibagbfgdabdyiblnocibasbieic.dfag,bogj
igjpbDyibmfjrihbdymaqgbdabdyfhbhfjibogjbdabdyod,bgaqbcm.zunibfgbogj
cnahibuiyfgjbdyibnohdblna.rybohbfdblohhihbag,bsambonnbomibsannaqfgr
dabdyibR.fnnadfgipbFgbsmagdbasbfd,bhiodijbfgbcyofmh,bohbfgbobromjigbas
l.unfcbjfvimhfag,bomibobg.zuimbasbqazig,bu.hfnxbkgfddfgrpbAgbagibasbdyi
sami-zahdbcyofmh,bhdogjhbDyibVigriogci,bnaakfgrboua.dbsambyimbsmfigjp

“Dyimihi!”bhyibcmfih,bfgbyimbhymfnnbdagihpb“Qyabyohbhiigbyim?bDyimihi
Jisomri!”

“Hyibgivimbzfhhijbuisami,”bhoxhbobkgfddfgr-qazogbasbdyibhfhdimyaajp

“Ga;bgambqfnnbhyibzfhhbgaq,”bcmfihbDyibVigriogci,blid.nogdnxpb“Dyimihip”

“Na.jim,”bdyibqazogbmicazzigjhp

Ox!bNa.jim,bVigriogci,bz.cybna.jim,bogjbhdfnnbhyibqfnnbhcomcinxbyiom
dyiipbNa.jimbxid,bVigriogci,bqfdybobnfddnibaodybambhabojjij,bogjbxid
fdbqfnnbyomjnxbumfgrbyimpbHigjbadyimbqazigb.lbogjbjaqgbdabhiikbyim,
nfgrimfgrbhaziqyimi;bogjbxid,bondya.rybdyibzihhigrimhbyovibjagibjmioj
jiijh,bfdbfhbw.ihdfagounibqyidyimbasbdyifmbaqgbqfnnhbdyixbqfnnbrabsom
iga.rybdabsfgjbyim!

“UojbSamd.gi!”bcmfihbDyibVigriogci,bhdozlfgrbyimbsaadbfgbdyibcyofm,b“ogj
yimibomibdyibd.zumfnh!bOgjbIvmizagjibqfnnbuibjihlodcyijbfgbobqfgk,bogj
hyibgadbyimi!bHiibyimbkgfddfgrbfgbzxbyogj,bogjbyimbizldxbcyofmbmiojxbsam
yimpbFbcmxbqfdybvieodfagbogjbjfhollafgdzigd!”

OhbDyibVigriogcibjihcigjhbsmazbyimbinivodfagbdabjabfd,bdyibd.zumfnh
uirfgbdabjfhcyomribdyifmbnaojhpbDyibzfgfhdimhbasbHofgdibR.fnnadfgibomi
mauijbogjbmiojxpbCmohy!--Obyiojbfhbyinjb.l,bogjbdyibkgfddfgr-qazigbqya
hcomcinxbnfsdijbdyifmbixihbdabnaakbodbfdbobzazigdborabqyigbfdbca.nj
dyfgkbogjbhliok,bca.gdbAgip

Dyibhicagjbd.zumfnbizldfihbogjbzavihbag;bdyibdyfmjbcazihb.lpbCmohy!--Ogj
dyibkgfddfgr-qazig,bgivimbsondimfgrbamblo.hfgrbfgbdyifmbQamk,bca.gdbDqap

Dyibh.llahijbIvmizagjibjihcigjh,bogjbdyibhiozhdmihhbfhbnfsdijba.dbgied
osdimbyfzpbYibyohbgadbminfgw.fhyijbyimblodfigdbyogjbfgbriddfgrba.d,bu.d
hdfnnbyanjhbfdbohbyiblmazfhijpbYibrigdnxblnocihbyimbqfdybyimbuockbdabdyi
cmohyfgrbigrfgibdyodbcaghdogdnxbqyfmmhb.lbogjbsonnh,bogjbhyibnaakhbfgda
yfhbsocibogjbdyogkhbyfzp

“U.dbsambxa.,bjiombhdmogrim,bFbhya.njbgadbuibhabcazlahij,bsambFboz
god.monnxboblaambnfddnibdyfgr,bsofgdbasbyiomd;bgambhya.njbFbyovibuiig
ounibdabmofhibzxbdya.rydhbdabYfzbqyabqohbl.dbdabjiody,bdyodbqibzfryd
yovibyalibogjbcazsamdbyimibda-joxpbFbdyfgkbxa.bqimibhigdbdabzibux
Yiovigp”

“Ambxa.bdabzi,”bhoxhbHxjgixbComdagpb“Kiilbxa.mbixihb.lagbzi,bjiombcyfnj,
ogjbzfgjbgabadyimbau icdp”

“FbzfgjbgadyfgrbqyfnibFbyanjbxa.mbyogjpbFbhyonnbzfgjbgadyfgrbqyigbFbnid
fdbra,bfsbdyixbomibmolfjp”

“DyixbqfnnbuibmolfjpbSiombgad!”

Dyibdqabhdogjbfgbdyibsohd-dyfggfgrbdymagrbasbvfcdfzh,bu.dbdyixbhliokboh
fsbdyixbqimibonagipbIxibdabixi,bvafcibdabvafci,byogjbdabyogj,byiomdbda
yiomd,bdyihibdqabcyfnjmigbasbdyib.gfvimhonbZadyim,binhibhabqfjibolomd
ogjbjfssimfgr,byovibcazibdaridyimbagbdyibjomkbyfryqox,bdabmilofmbyazi
daridyim,bogjbdabmihdbfgbyimbuahazp

“Umovibogjbrigima.hbsmfigj,bqfnnbxa.bnidbzibohkbxa.bagibnohdbw.ihdfag?bF
ozbvimxbfrgamogd,bogjbfdbdma.unihbzi-- .hdbobnfddnip”

“Dinnbzibqyodbfdbfhp”

“Fbyovibobca.hfg,bogbagnxbminodfvibogjbogbamlyog,bnfkibzxhins,bqyazbF
navibvimxbjiomnxpbHyibfhbsfvibxiomhbxa.grimbdyogbF,bogjbhyibnfvihbfgbo
somzim'hbya.hibfgbdyibha.dybca.gdmxpbLavimdxblomdijb.h,bogjbhyibkgaqh
gadyfgrbasbzxbsodi--sambFbcoggadbqmfdi--ogjbfsbFbca.nj,byaqbhya.njbF
dinnbyim!bFdbfhbuiddimbohbfdbfhp”

“Xih,bxih:buiddimbohbfdbfhp”

“QyodbFbyovibuiigbdyfgkfgrbohbqibcozibonagr,bogjbqyodbFbozbhdfnn
dyfgkfgrbgaq,bohbFbnaakbfgdabxa.mbkfgjbhdmagrbsocibqyfcybrfvihbzibha
z.cybh.llamd,bfhbdyfh:--FsbdyibMil.unfcbmionnxbjaihbraajbdabdyiblaam,
ogjbdyixbcazibdabuibnihhby.grmx,bogjbfgbonnbqoxhbdabh.ssimbnihh,bhyibzox
nfvibobnagrbdfzi:bhyibzoxbivigbnfvibdabuibanjp”

“Qyodbdyig,bzxbrigdnibhfhdim?”

“Jabxa.bdyfgk:”bdyib.gcazlnofgfgrbixihbfgbqyfcybdyimibfhbhabz.cy
igj.mogci,bsfnnbqfdybdiomh,bogjbdyibnflhblomdbobnfddnibzamibogjbdmizuni:
“dyodbfdbqfnnbhiizbnagrbdabzi,bqyfnibFbqofdbsambyimbfgbdyibuiddimbnogj
qyimibFbdm.hdbuadybxa.bogjbFbqfnnbuibzimcfs.nnxbhyindimij?”

“Fdbcoggadbui,bzxbcyfnj;bdyimibfhbgabDfzibdyimi,bogjbgabdma.unibdyimip”

“Xa.bcazsamdbzibhabz.cy!bFbozbhabfrgamogdpbOzbFbdabkfhhbxa.bgaq?bFhbdyi
zazigdbcazi?”

“Xihp”

Hyibkfhhihbyfhbnflh;byibkfhhihbyimh;bdyixbhanizgnxbunihhbiocybadyimp
Dyibhlomibyogjbjaihbgadbdmizunibohbyibminiohihbfd;bgadyfgrbqamhibdyog
obhqiid,bumfrydbcaghdogcxbfhbfgbdyiblodfigdbsocipbHyibraihbgiedbuisami
yfz--fhbragi;bdyibkgfddfgr-qazigbca.gdbDqigdx-Dqap

“FbozbdyibMih.mmicdfagbogjbdyibNfsi,bhofdybdyibNamj:byibdyodbuinfividy
fgbzi,bdya.rybyibqimibjioj,bxidbhyonnbyibnfvi:bogjbqyahaivimbnfvidybogj
uinfividybfgbzibhyonnbgivimbjfip”

Dyibz.mz.mfgrbasbzogxbvafcih,bdyib.ld.mgfgrbasbzogxbsocih,bdyiblmihhfgr
agbasbzogxbsaadhdilhbfgbdyiba.dhkfmdhbasbdyibcmaqj,bhabdyodbfdbhqinnh
samqomjbfgbobzohh,bnfkibagibrmiodbyiovibasbqodim,bonnbsnohyihboqoxp
Dqigdx-Dymiip

bbbbbbbb*****

Dyixbhofjbasbyfz,boua.dbdyibcfdxbdyodbgfryd,bdyodbfdbqohbdyi
liocis.nnihdbzog'hbsocibivimbuiyinjbdyimipbZogxbojjijbdyodbyibnaakij
h.unfzibogjblmalyidfcp

Agibasbdyibzahdbmizomkounibh.ssimimhbuxbdyibhoziboei--obqazog--yojbohkij
odbdyibsaadbasbdyibhozibhcossanj,bgadbnagrbuisami,bdabuibonnaqijbda
qmfdibjaqgbdyibdya.rydhbdyodbqimibfghlfmfgrbyimpbFsbyibyojbrfvigbogx
.ddimogcibdabyfh,bogjbdyixbqimiblmalyidfc,bdyixbqa.njbyovibuiigbdyihi:

“FbhiibUomhoj,bogjbCnx,bJisomri,bDyibVigriogci,bdyib .mxzog,bdyib .jri,
nagrbmogkhbasbdyibgiqballmihhamhbqyabyovibmfhigbagbdyibjihdm.cdfagbas
dyibanj,blimfhyfgrbuxbdyfhbmidmfu.dfvibfghdm.zigd,buisamibfdbhyonnbciohi
a.dbasbfdhblmihigdb.hipbFbhiibobuio.dfs.nbcfdxbogjbobumfnnfogdblialni
mfhfgrbsmazbdyfhbouxhh,bogj,bfgbdyifmbhdm.rrnihbdabuibdm.nxbsmii,bfg
dyifmbdmf.zlyhbogjbjisiodh,bdyma.rybnagrbxiomhbdabcazi,bFbhiibdyibivfn
asbdyfhbdfzibogjbasbdyiblmivfa.hbdfzibasbqyfcybdyfhbfhbdyibgod.mon
ufmdy,brmoj.onnxbzokfgrbielfodfagbsambfdhinsbogjbqiomfgrba.dp

“FbhiibdyibnfvihbsambqyfcybFbnoxbjaqgbzxbnfsi,bliocis.n,b.his.n,
lmahlima.hbogjbyollx,bfgbdyodbIgrnogjbqyfcybFbhyonnbhiibgabzamipbFbhii
Yimbqfdybobcyfnjb.lagbyimbuahaz,bqyabuiomhbzxbgozipbFbhiibyimbsodyim,
orijbogjbuigd,bu.dbadyimqfhibmihdamij,bogjbsofdys.nbdabonnbzigbfgbyfh
yionfgrbassfci,bogjbodbliocipbFbhiibdyibraajbanjbzog,bhabnagrbdyifm
smfigj,bfgbdigbxiomh'bdfzibigmfcyfgrbdyizbqfdybonnbyibyoh,bogjblohhfgr
dmogw.fnnxbdabyfhbmiqomjp

“FbhiibdyodbFbyanjbobhogcd.omxbfgbdyifmbyiomdh,bogjbfgbdyibyiomdhbas
dyifmbjihcigjogdh,brigimodfaghbyigcipbFbhiibyim,bogbanjbqazog,bqiilfgr
sambzibagbdyiboggfvimhomxbasbdyfhbjoxpbFbhiibyimbogjbyimby.huogj,bdyifm
ca.mhibjagi,bnxfgrbhfjibuxbhfjibfgbdyifmbnohdbiomdynxbuij,bogjbFbkgaq
dyodbiocybqohbgadbzamibyaga.mijbogjbyinjbhocmijbfgbdyibadyim'hbha.n,
dyogbFbqohbfgbdyibha.nhbasbuadyp

“Fbhiibdyodbcyfnjbqyabnoxb.lagbyimbuahazbogjbqyabuamibzxbgozi,bobzog
qfggfgrbyfhbqoxb.lbfgbdyodblodybasbnfsibqyfcybagcibqohbzfgipbFbhiibyfz
qfggfgrbfdbhabqinn,bdyodbzxbgozibfhbzojibfnn.hdmfa.hbdyimibuxbdyi
nfrydbasbyfhpbFbhiibdyibunadhbFbdymiqb.lagbfd,bsojijboqoxpbFbhiibyfz,
sami-zahdbasb .hdb .jrihbogjbyaga.mijbzig,bumfgrfgrbobuaxbasbzxbgozi,
qfdybobsamiyiojbdyodbFbkgaqbogjbranjigbyofm,bdabdyfhblnoci--dyigbsofmbda
naakb.lag,bqfdybgadbobdmocibasbdyfhbjox'hbjfhsfr.mizigd--ogjbFbyiombyfz
dinnbdyibcyfnjbzxbhdamx,bqfdybobdigjimbogjbobsondimfgrbvafcip

“Fdbfhbobsom,bsombuiddimbdyfgrbdyodbFbja,bdyogbFbyovibivimbjagi;bfdbfhbo
som,bsombuiddimbmihdbdyodbFbrabdabdyogbFbyovibivimbkgaqgp”











IgjbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbIUaakbasbObDonibasbDqabCfdfih,buxbCyomnihbJfckigh

***bIGJbASbDYFHbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbIUAAKbObDONIbASbDQAbCFDFIHb***

*****bDyfhbsfnibhya.njbuibgozijb98-0pdedbamb98-0ptflb*****
Dyfhbogjbonnbohhacfodijbsfnihbasbvomfa.hbsamzodhbqfnnbuibsa.gjbfg:
bbbbbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpamr/9/98/

Lmaj.cijbuxb .jfdybUahh

.ljodijbijfdfaghbqfnnbmilnocibdyiblmivfa.hbagi--dyibanjbijfdfagh
qfnnbuibmigozijp

Cmiodfgrbdyibqamkhbsmazbl.unfcbjazofgblmfgdbijfdfaghbzioghbdyodbga
agibaqghbob.gfdijbHdodihbcalxmfrydbfgbdyihibqamkh,bhabdyibSa.gjodfag
(ogjbxa.!)bcogbcalxbogjbjfhdmfu.dibfdbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.d
limzfhhfagbogjbqfdya.dbloxfgrbcalxmfrydbmaxondfihpbbHlicfonbm.nih,
hidbsamdybfgbdyibRigimonbDimzhbasb.hiblomdbasbdyfhbnfcighi,bollnxbda
calxfgrbogjbjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbda
lmadicdbdyibLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMR-dzbcagcildbogjbdmojizomkpbbLma icd
R.diguimrbfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomk,bogjbzoxbgadbuib.hijbfsbxa.
cyomribsambdyibiUaakh,b.gnihhbxa.bmicifvibhlicfsfcblimzfhhfagpbbFsbxa.
jabgadbcyomribogxdyfgrbsambcalfihbasbdyfhbiUaak,bcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyi
m.nihbfhbvimxbiohxpbbXa.bzoxb.hibdyfhbiUaakbsambgiomnxbogxbl.mlahi
h.cybohbcmiodfagbasbjimfvodfvibqamkh,bmilamdh,blimsamzogcihbogj
mihiomcypbbDyixbzoxbuibzajfsfijbogjblmfgdijbogjbrfvigboqox--xa.bzoxbja
lmocdfconnxbOGXDYFGRbqfdybl.unfcbjazofgbiUaakhpbbMijfhdmfu.dfagbfh
h.u icdbdabdyibdmojizomkbnfcighi,bihlicfonnxbcazzimcfon
mijfhdmfu.dfagp



***bHDOMD:bS.NNbNFCIGHIb***

DYIbS.NNbLMA ICDbR.DIGUIMRbNFCIGHI
LNIOHIbMIOJbDYFHbUISAMIbXA.bJFHDMFU.DIbAMb.HIbDYFHbQAMK

DablmadicdbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbdyibsmii
jfhdmfu.dfagbasbinicdmagfcbqamkh,buxb.hfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbdyfhbqamk
(ambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybdyiblymohib“Lma icd
R.diguimr”),bxa.bormiibdabcazlnxbqfdybonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyibS.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighib(ovofnounibqfdybdyfhbsfnibambagnfgibod
yddl://r.diguimrpamr/nfcighi)p


Hicdfagb1pbbRigimonbDimzhbasb.hibogjbMijfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkh

1pOpbbUxbmiojfgrbamb.hfgrbogxblomdbasbdyfhbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamk,bxa.bfgjfcodibdyodbxa.byovibmioj,b.gjimhdogj,bormiibda
ogjboccildbonnbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbnfcighibogjbfgdinnicd.onblmalimdx
(dmojizomk/calxmfryd)bormiizigdpbbFsbxa.bjabgadbormiibdaboufjibuxbonn
dyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbciohib.hfgrbogjbmid.mgbambjihdmax
onnbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbxa.mblahhihhfagp
Fsbxa.blofjbobsiibsambaudofgfgrbobcalxbasbamboccihhbdabobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbogjbxa.bjabgadbormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyi
dimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bzoxbaudofgbobmis.gjbsmazbdyiblimhagbam
igdfdxbdabqyazbxa.blofjbdyibsiibohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp8p

1pUpbb“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bfhbobmirfhdimijbdmojizomkpbbFdbzoxbagnxbui
.hijbagbambohhacfodijbfgbogxbqoxbqfdybogbinicdmagfcbqamkbuxblialnibqya
ormiibdabuibua.gjbuxbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbDyimibomibobsiq
dyfgrhbdyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybzahdbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh
ivigbqfdya.dbcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdpbbHii
lomormolyb1pCbuinaqpbbDyimibomibobnadbasbdyfgrhbxa.bcogbjabqfdybLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfsbxa.bsannaqbdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
ogjbyinlblmihimvibsmiibs.d.miboccihhbdabLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhpbbHiiblomormolyb1pIbuinaqp

1pCpbbDyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagb(“dyibSa.gjodfag”
bambLRNOS),baqghbobcazlfnodfagbcalxmfrydbfgbdyibcannicdfagbasbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhpbbGiomnxbonnbdyibfgjfvfj.onbqamkhbfgbdyi
cannicdfagbomibfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbbFsbog
fgjfvfj.onbqamkbfhbfgbdyibl.unfcbjazofgbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbogjbxa.bomi
nacodijbfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bqibjabgadbcnofzbobmfrydbdablmivigdbxa.bsmaz
calxfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhlnoxfgrbambcmiodfgrbjimfvodfvi
qamkhbuohijbagbdyibqamkbohbnagrbohbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr
omibmizavijpbbAsbca.mhi,bqibyalibdyodbxa.bqfnnbh.llamdbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbzfhhfagbasblmazadfgrbsmiiboccihhbdabinicdmagfcbqamkhbux
smiinxbhyomfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybdyibdimzhbas
dyfhbormiizigdbsambkiilfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbgozibohhacfodijbqfdy
dyibqamkpbbXa.bcogbiohfnxbcazlnxbqfdybdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbux
kiilfgrbdyfhbqamkbfgbdyibhozibsamzodbqfdybfdhboddocyijbs.nnbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighibqyigbxa.bhyomibfdbqfdya.dbcyomribqfdybadyimhp

1pJpbbDyibcalxmfrydbnoqhbasbdyiblnocibqyimibxa.bomibnacodijbonhabravimg
qyodbxa.bcogbjabqfdybdyfhbqamkpbbCalxmfrydbnoqhbfgbzahdbca.gdmfihbomibfg
obcaghdogdbhdodibasbcyogripbbFsbxa.bomiba.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodih,bcyick
dyibnoqhbasbxa.mbca.gdmxbfgbojjfdfagbdabdyibdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigd
uisamibjaqgnaojfgr,bcalxfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,blimsamzfgr,bjfhdmfu.dfgrbam
cmiodfgrbjimfvodfvibqamkhbuohijbagbdyfhbqamkbambogxbadyimbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbqamkpbbDyibSa.gjodfagbzokihbgabmilmihigdodfaghbcagcimgfgr
dyibcalxmfrydbhdod.hbasbogxbqamkbfgbogxbca.gdmxba.dhfjibdyib.gfdij
Hdodihp

1pIpbb.gnihhbxa.byovibmizavijbonnbmisimigcihbdabLma icdbR.diguimr:

1pIp1pbbDyibsannaqfgrbhigdigci,bqfdybocdfvibnfgkhbda,bambadyimbfzzijfodi
occihhbda,bdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibz.hdbolliomblmazfgigdnx
qyigivimbogxbcalxbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkb(ogxbqamkbagbqyfcybdyi
lymohib“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bolliomh,bambqfdybqyfcybdyiblymohib“Lma icd
R.diguimr”bfhbohhacfodij)bfhboccihhij,bjfhlnoxij,blimsamzij,bvfiqij,
calfijbambjfhdmfu.dij:

DyfhbiUaakbfhbsambdyib.hibasbogxagibogxqyimibodbgabcahdbogjbqfdy
onzahdbgabmihdmfcdfaghbqyodhaivimpbbXa.bzoxbcalxbfd,brfvibfdboqoxbam
mi-.hibfdb.gjimbdyibdimzhbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfcighibfgcn.jij
qfdybdyfhbiUaakbambagnfgibodbqqqpr.diguimrpamr

1pIp2pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjimfvij
smazbdyibl.unfcbjazofgb(jaihbgadbcagdofgbobgadfcibfgjfcodfgrbdyodbfdbfh
lahdijbqfdyblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim),bdyibqamkbcogbuibcalfij
ogjbjfhdmfu.dijbdabogxagibfgbdyib.gfdijbHdodihbqfdya.dbloxfgrbogxbsiih
ambcyomrihpbbFsbxa.bomibmijfhdmfu.dfgrbamblmavfjfgrboccihhbdabobqamk
qfdybdyiblymohib“Lma icdbR.diguimr”bohhacfodijbqfdybambolliomfgrbagbdyi
qamk,bxa.bz.hdbcazlnxbifdyimbqfdybdyibmiw.fmizigdhbasblomormolyhb1pIp1
dyma.ryb1pIp7bambaudofgblimzfhhfagbsambdyib.hibasbdyibqamkbogjbdyi
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkbohbhidbsamdybfgblomormolyhb1pIp8bam
1pIp9p

1pIp3pbbFsbogbfgjfvfj.onbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhblahdij
qfdybdyiblimzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjim,bxa.mb.hibogjbjfhdmfu.dfag
z.hdbcazlnxbqfdybuadyblomormolyhb1pIp1bdyma.ryb1pIp7bogjbogxbojjfdfagon
dimzhbfzlahijbuxbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimpbbOjjfdfagonbdimzhbqfnnbuibnfgkij
dabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbNfcighibsambonnbqamkhblahdijbqfdybdyi
limzfhhfagbasbdyibcalxmfrydbyanjimbsa.gjbodbdyibuirfggfgrbasbdyfhbqamkp

1pIp4pbbJabgadb.gnfgkbambjidocybambmizavibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibdimzhbsmazbdyfhbqamk,bambogxbsfnihbcagdofgfgrboblomdbasbdyfh
qamkbambogxbadyimbqamkbohhacfodijbqfdybLma icdbR.diguimr-dzp

1pIp5pbbJabgadbcalx,bjfhlnox,blimsamz,bjfhdmfu.dibambmijfhdmfu.dibdyfh
inicdmagfcbqamk,bambogxblomdbasbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamk,bqfdya.d
lmazfgigdnxbjfhlnoxfgrbdyibhigdigcibhidbsamdybfgblomormolyb1pIp1bqfdy
ocdfvibnfgkhbambfzzijfodiboccihhbdabdyibs.nnbdimzhbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbNfcighip

1pIp6pbbXa.bzoxbcagvimdbdabogjbjfhdmfu.dibdyfhbqamkbfgbogxbufgomx,
cazlmihhij,bzomkijb.l,bgaglmalmfidomxbamblmalmfidomxbsamz,bfgcn.jfgrbogx
qamjblmacihhfgrbambyxlimdiedbsamzpbbYaqivim,bfsbxa.blmavfjiboccihhbdabam
jfhdmfu.dibcalfihbasbobLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkbfgbobsamzodbadyimbdyog
“LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF”bambadyimbsamzodb.hijbfgbdyibassfcfonbvimhfag
lahdijbagbdyibassfcfonbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqiubhfdib(qqqpr.diguimrpamr),
xa.bz.hd,bodbgabojjfdfagonbcahd,bsiibambielighibdabdyib.him,blmavfjibo
calx,bobzioghbasbielamdfgrbobcalx,bambobzioghbasbaudofgfgrbobcalxb.lag
miw.ihd,basbdyibqamkbfgbfdhbamfrfgonb“LnofgbVogfnnobOHCFF”bambadyim
samzpbbOgxbondimgodibsamzodbz.hdbfgcn.jibdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
Nfcighibohbhlicfsfijbfgblomormolyb1pIp1p

1pIp7pbbJabgadbcyomribobsiibsamboccihhbda,bvfiqfgr,bjfhlnoxfgr,
limsamzfgr,bcalxfgrbambjfhdmfu.dfgrbogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkh
.gnihhbxa.bcazlnxbqfdyblomormolyb1pIp8bamb1pIp9p

1pIp8pbbXa.bzoxbcyomribobmiohagounibsiibsambcalfihbasbamblmavfjfgr
occihhbdabambjfhdmfu.dfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhblmavfjij
dyod

-bXa.bloxbobmaxondxbsiibasb20%basbdyibrmahhblmasfdhbxa.bjimfvibsmaz
bbbbbdyib.hibasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhbconc.nodijb.hfgrbdyibzidyaj
bbbbbxa.bonmiojxb.hibdabconc.nodibxa.mbollnfcounibdoeihpbbDyibsiibfh
bbbbbaqijbdabdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bu.dbyi
bbbbbyohbormiijbdabjagodibmaxondfihb.gjimbdyfhblomormolybdabdyi
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagpbbMaxondxbloxzigdh
bbbbbz.hdbuiblofjbqfdyfgb60bjoxhbsannaqfgrbiocybjodibagbqyfcybxa.
bbbbblmilomib(ambomibnironnxbmiw.fmijbdablmilomi)bxa.mblimfajfcbdoe
bbbbbmid.mghpbbMaxondxbloxzigdhbhya.njbuibcniomnxbzomkijbohbh.cybogj
bbbbbhigdbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbodbdyi
bbbbbojjmihhbhlicfsfijbfgbHicdfagb4,b“Fgsamzodfagboua.dbjagodfaghbda
bbbbbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagp”

-bXa.blmavfjibobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogxbzagixblofjbuxbob.himbqyabgadfsfih
bbbbbxa.bfgbqmfdfgrb(ambuxbi-zofn)bqfdyfgb30bjoxhbasbmicifldbdyodbh/yi
bbbbbjaihbgadbormiibdabdyibdimzhbasbdyibs.nnbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
bbbbbNfcighipbbXa.bz.hdbmiw.fmibh.cybob.himbdabmid.mgbam
bbbbbjihdmaxbonnbcalfihbasbdyibqamkhblahhihhijbfgboblyxhfconbzijf.z
bbbbbogjbjfhcagdfg.ibonnb.hibasbogjbonnboccihhbdabadyimbcalfihbas
bbbbbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

-bXa.blmavfji,bfgboccamjogcibqfdyblomormolyb1pSp3,bobs.nnbmis.gjbasbogx
bbbbbzagixblofjbsambobqamkbambobmilnocizigdbcalx,bfsbobjisicdbfgbdyi
bbbbbinicdmagfcbqamkbfhbjfhcavimijbogjbmilamdijbdabxa.bqfdyfgb90bjoxh
bbbbbasbmicifldbasbdyibqamkp

-bXa.bcazlnxbqfdybonnbadyimbdimzhbasbdyfhbormiizigdbsambsmii
bbbbbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamkhp

1pIp9pbbFsbxa.bqfhybdabcyomribobsiibambjfhdmfu.dibobLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
inicdmagfcbqamkbambrma.lbasbqamkhbagbjfssimigdbdimzhbdyogbomibhid
samdybfgbdyfhbormiizigd,bxa.bz.hdbaudofgblimzfhhfagbfgbqmfdfgrbsmaz
uadybdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbogjbZfcyoin
Yomd,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbdmojizomkpbbCagdocdbdyi
Sa.gjodfagbohbhidbsamdybfgbHicdfagb3buinaqp

1pSp

1pSp1pbbLma icdbR.diguimrbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbieligjbcaghfjimouni
issamdbdabfjigdfsx,bjabcalxmfrydbmihiomcybag,bdmoghcmfuibogjblmaasmioj
l.unfcbjazofgbqamkhbfgbcmiodfgrbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cannicdfagpbbJihlfdibdyihibissamdh,bLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkh,bogjbdyibzijf.zbagbqyfcybdyixbzoxbuibhdamij,bzoxbcagdofg
“Jisicdh,”bh.cyboh,bu.dbgadbnfzfdijbda,bfgcazlnidi,bfgocc.modibam
camm.ldbjodo,bdmoghcmfldfagbimmamh,bobcalxmfrydbambadyimbfgdinnicd.on
lmalimdxbfgsmfgrizigd,bobjisicdfvibambjozorijbjfhkbambadyimbzijf.z,bo
cazl.dimbvfm.h,bambcazl.dimbcajihbdyodbjozoribambcoggadbuibmiojbux
xa.mbiw.flzigdp

1pSp2pbbNFZFDIJbQOMMOGDX,bJFHCNOFZIMbASbJOZORIHb-bIecildbsambdyib“Mfryd
asbMilnocizigdbambMis.gj”bjihcmfuijbfgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,bdyibaqgimbasbdyibLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbdmojizomk,bogjbogxbadyimblomdxbjfhdmfu.dfgrbobLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkb.gjimbdyfhbormiizigd,bjfhcnofzbonn
nfoufnfdxbdabxa.bsambjozorih,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbniron
siihpbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbXA.bYOVIbGAbMIZIJFIHbSAMbGIRNFRIGCI,bHDMFCD
NFOUFNFDX,bUMIOCYbASbQOMMOGDXbAMbUMIOCYbASbCAGDMOCDbIECILDbDYAHI
LMAVFJIJbFGbLOMORMOLYbS3pbbXA.bORMIIbDYODbDYIbSA.GJODFAG,bDYI
DMOJIZOMKbAQGIM,bOGJbOGXbJFHDMFU.DAMb.GJIMbDYFHbORMIIZIGDbQFNNbGADbUI
NFOUNIbDAbXA.bSAMbOCD.ON,bJFMICD,bFGJFMICD,bCAGHIW.IGDFON,bL.GFDFVIbAM
FGCFJIGDONbJOZORIHbIVIGbFSbXA.bRFVIbGADFCIbASbDYIbLAHHFUFNFDXbASbH.CY
JOZORIp

1pSp3pbbNFZFDIJbMFRYDbASbMILNOCIZIGDbAMbMIS.GJb-bFsbxa.bjfhcavimbo
jisicdbfgbdyfhbinicdmagfcbqamkbqfdyfgb90bjoxhbasbmicifvfgrbfd,bxa.bcog
micifvibobmis.gjbasbdyibzagixb(fsbogx)bxa.blofjbsambfdbuxbhigjfgrbo
qmfddigbielnogodfagbdabdyiblimhagbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbsmazpbbFsbxa.
micifvijbdyibqamkbagboblyxhfconbzijf.z,bxa.bz.hdbmid.mgbdyibzijf.zbqfdy
xa.mbqmfddigbielnogodfagpbbDyiblimhagbambigdfdxbdyodblmavfjijbxa.bqfdy
dyibjisicdfvibqamkbzoxbinicdbdablmavfjibobmilnocizigdbcalxbfgbnfi.basbo
mis.gjpbbFsbxa.bmicifvijbdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnx,bdyiblimhagbambigdfdx
lmavfjfgrbfdbdabxa.bzoxbcyaahibdabrfvibxa.bobhicagjballamd.gfdxbda
micifvibdyibqamkbinicdmagfconnxbfgbnfi.basbobmis.gjpbbFsbdyibhicagjbcalx
fhbonhabjisicdfvi,bxa.bzoxbjizogjbobmis.gjbfgbqmfdfgrbqfdya.dbs.mdyim
allamd.gfdfihbdabsfebdyiblmaunizp

1pSp4pbbIecildbsambdyibnfzfdijbmfrydbasbmilnocizigdbambmis.gjbhidbsamdy
fgblomormolyb1pSp3,bdyfhbqamkbfhblmavfjijbdabxa.b'OH-FH'bQFDYbGAbADYIM
QOMMOGDFIHbASbOGXbKFGJ,bIELMIHHbAMbFZLNFIJ,bFGCN.JFGRbU.DbGADbNFZFDIJbDA
QOMMOGDFIHbASbZIMCYOGDFUFNFDXbAMbSFDGIHHbSAMbOGXbL.MLAHIp

1pSp5pbbHazibhdodihbjabgadbonnaqbjfhcnofzimhbasbcimdofgbfzlnfij
qommogdfihbambdyibiecn.hfagbambnfzfdodfagbasbcimdofgbdxlihbasbjozorihp
Fsbogxbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagbhidbsamdybfgbdyfhbormiizigdbvfanodihbdyi
noqbasbdyibhdodibollnfcounibdabdyfhbormiizigd,bdyibormiizigdbhyonnbui
fgdimlmidijbdabzokibdyibzoefz.zbjfhcnofzimbambnfzfdodfagblimzfddijbux
dyibollnfcounibhdodibnoqpbbDyibfgvonfjfdxbamb.gigsamcioufnfdxbasbogx
lmavfhfagbasbdyfhbormiizigdbhyonnbgadbvafjbdyibmizofgfgrblmavfhfaghp

1pSp6pbbFGJIZGFDXb-bXa.bormiibdabfgjizgfsxbogjbyanjbdyibSa.gjodfag,bdyi
dmojizomkbaqgim,bogxborigdbambizlnaxiibasbdyibSa.gjodfag,bogxagi
lmavfjfgrbcalfihbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkhbfgboccamjogci
qfdybdyfhbormiizigd,bogjbogxbvan.gdiimhbohhacfodijbqfdybdyiblmaj.cdfag,
lmazadfagbogjbjfhdmfu.dfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfcbqamkh,
yomznihhbsmazbonnbnfoufnfdx,bcahdhbogjbielighih,bfgcn.jfgrbnironbsiih,
dyodbomfhibjfmicdnxbambfgjfmicdnxbsmazbogxbasbdyibsannaqfgrbqyfcybxa.bja
ambco.hibdabacc.m:b(o)bjfhdmfu.dfagbasbdyfhbambogxbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
qamk,b(u)bondimodfag,bzajfsfcodfag,bambojjfdfaghbambjinidfaghbdabogx
Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbqamk,bogjb(c)bogxbJisicdbxa.bco.hip


Hicdfagbb2pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibZfhhfagbasbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbfhbhxgagxza.hbqfdybdyibsmiibjfhdmfu.dfagbas
inicdmagfcbqamkhbfgbsamzodhbmiojounibuxbdyibqfjihdbvomfidxbasbcazl.dimh
fgcn.jfgrbauhanidi,banj,bzfjjni-orijbogjbgiqbcazl.dimhpbbFdbiefhdh
uico.hibasbdyibissamdhbasby.gjmijhbasbvan.gdiimhbogjbjagodfaghbsmaz
lialnibfgbonnbqonkhbasbnfsip

Van.gdiimhbogjbsfgogcfonbh.llamdbdablmavfjibvan.gdiimhbqfdybdyi
ohhfhdogcibdyixbgiij,bomibcmfdfconbdabmiocyfgrbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz'h
raonhbogjbigh.mfgrbdyodbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbcannicdfagbqfnn
mizofgbsmiinxbovofnounibsambrigimodfaghbdabcazipbbFgb2001,bdyibLma icd
R.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbqohbcmiodijbdablmavfjibobhic.mi
ogjblimzogigdbs.d.mibsambLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbogjbs.d.mibrigimodfaghp
Dabniomgbzamiboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag
ogjbyaqbxa.mbissamdhbogjbjagodfaghbcogbyinl,bhiibHicdfaghb3bogjb4
ogjbdyibSa.gjodfagbqiubloribodbyddl://qqqplrnospamrp


Hicdfagb3pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvi
Sa.gjodfag

DyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbfhbobgagblmasfd
501(c)(3)bij.codfagonbcamlamodfagbamrogftijb.gjimbdyibnoqhbasbdyi
hdodibasbZfhhfhhfllfbogjbrmogdijbdoebieizldbhdod.hbuxbdyibFgdimgon
Mivig.ibHimvfcipbbDyibSa.gjodfag'hbIFGbambsijimonbdoebfjigdfsfcodfag
g.zuimbfhb64-6221541pbbFdhb501(c)(3)bniddimbfhblahdijbod
yddl://lrnospamr/s.gjmofhfgrpbbCagdmfu.dfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfagbomibdoebjij.cdfunibdabdyibs.nnbiedigd
limzfddijbuxb.pHpbsijimonbnoqhbogjbxa.mbhdodi'hbnoqhp

DyibSa.gjodfag'hblmfgcflonbassfcibfhbnacodijbodb4557bZinogbJmpbHp
Sofmuogkh,bOK,b99712p,bu.dbfdhbvan.gdiimhbogjbizlnaxiihbomibhcoddimij
dyma.rya.dbg.zima.hbnacodfaghpbbFdhbu.hfgihhbassfcibfhbnacodijbod
809bGamdyb1500bQihd,bHondbNokibCfdx,b.Db84116,b(801)b596-1887,bizofn
u.hfgihh@lrnospamrpbbIzofnbcagdocdbnfgkhbogjb.lbdabjodibcagdocd
fgsamzodfagbcogbuibsa.gjbodbdyibSa.gjodfag'hbqiubhfdibogjbassfcfon
loribodbyddl://lrnospamr

Sambojjfdfagonbcagdocdbfgsamzodfag:
bbbbbJmpbRmiramxbUpbGiqux
bbbbbCyfisbIeic.dfvibogjbJfmicdam
bbbbbrugiqux@lrnospamr


Hicdfagb4pbbFgsamzodfagboua.dbJagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimr
NfdimomxbOmcyfvibSa.gjodfag

Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbjiligjhb.lagbogjbcoggadbh.mvfvibqfdya.dbqfji
hlmiojbl.unfcbh.llamdbogjbjagodfaghbdabcommxba.dbfdhbzfhhfagbas
fgcmiohfgrbdyibg.zuimbasbl.unfcbjazofgbogjbnfcighijbqamkhbdyodbcogbui
smiinxbjfhdmfu.dijbfgbzocyfgibmiojounibsamzboccihhfunibuxbdyibqfjihd
ommoxbasbiw.flzigdbfgcn.jfgrba.djodijbiw.flzigdpbbZogxbhzonnbjagodfagh
($1bdab$5,000)bomiblomdfc.nomnxbfzlamdogdbdabzofgdofgfgrbdoebieizld
hdod.hbqfdybdyibFMHp

DyibSa.gjodfagbfhbcazzfddijbdabcazlnxfgrbqfdybdyibnoqhbmir.nodfgr
cyomfdfihbogjbcyomfdounibjagodfaghbfgbonnb50bhdodihbasbdyib.gfdij
HdodihpbbCazlnfogcibmiw.fmizigdhbomibgadb.gfsamzbogjbfdbdokihbo
caghfjimounibissamd,bz.cyblolimqamkbogjbzogxbsiihbdabziidbogjbkiilb.l
qfdybdyihibmiw.fmizigdhpbbQibjabgadbhanfcfdbjagodfaghbfgbnacodfagh
qyimibqibyovibgadbmicifvijbqmfddigbcagsfmzodfagbasbcazlnfogcipbbDa
HIGJbJAGODFAGHbambjidimzfgibdyibhdod.hbasbcazlnfogcibsambogx
lomdfc.nombhdodibvfhfdbyddl://lrnospamr

Qyfnibqibcoggadbogjbjabgadbhanfcfdbcagdmfu.dfaghbsmazbhdodihbqyimibqi
yovibgadbzidbdyibhanfcfdodfagbmiw.fmizigdh,bqibkgaqbasbgablmayfufdfag
orofghdboccildfgrb.ghanfcfdijbjagodfaghbsmazbjagamhbfgbh.cybhdodihbqya
ollmaocyb.hbqfdybassimhbdabjagodip

Fgdimgodfagonbjagodfaghbomibrmodis.nnxboccildij,bu.dbqibcoggadbzoki
ogxbhdodizigdhbcagcimgfgrbdoebdmiodzigdbasbjagodfaghbmicifvijbsmaz
a.dhfjibdyib.gfdijbHdodihpbb.pHpbnoqhbonagibhqozlba.mbhzonnbhdossp

LniohibcyickbdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbQiublorihbsambc.mmigdbjagodfag
zidyajhbogjbojjmihhihpbbJagodfaghbomiboccildijbfgbobg.zuimbasbadyim
qoxhbfgcn.jfgrbcyickh,bagnfgibloxzigdhbogjbcmijfdbcomjbjagodfaghp
Dabjagodi,blniohibvfhfd:byddl://lrnospamr/jagodi


Hicdfagb5pbbRigimonbFgsamzodfagbOua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dzbinicdmagfc
qamkhp

LmasihhambZfcyoinbHpbYomdbfhbdyibamfrfgodambasbdyibLma icdbR.diguimr-dz
cagcildbasbobnfumomxbasbinicdmagfcbqamkhbdyodbca.njbuibsmiinxbhyomij
qfdybogxagipbbSambdyfmdxbxiomh,byiblmaj.cijbogjbjfhdmfu.dijbLma icd
R.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbqfdybagnxbobnaahibgidqamkbasbvan.gdiimbh.llamdp


Lma icdbR.diguimr-dzbiUaakhbomibasdigbcmiodijbsmazbhivimonblmfgdij
ijfdfagh,bonnbasbqyfcybomibcagsfmzijbohbL.unfcbJazofgbfgbdyib.pHp
.gnihhbobcalxmfrydbgadfcibfhbfgcn.jijpbbDy.h,bqibjabgadbgicihhomfnx
kiilbiUaakhbfgbcazlnfogcibqfdybogxblomdfc.nomblolimbijfdfagp


Zahdblialnibhdomdbodba.mbQiubhfdibqyfcybyohbdyibzofgbLRbhiomcybsocfnfdx:

bbbbbyddl://qqqpr.diguimrpamr

DyfhbQiubhfdibfgcn.jihbfgsamzodfagboua.dbLma icdbR.diguimr-dz,
fgcn.jfgrbyaqbdabzokibjagodfaghbdabdyibLma icdbR.diguimrbNfdimomx
OmcyfvibSa.gjodfag,byaqbdabyinlblmaj.ciba.mbgiqbiUaakh,bogjbyaqbda
h.uhcmfuibdaba.mbizofnbgiqhniddimbdabyiomboua.dbgiqbiUaakhp

